FINANCIAL SERVICES COUNCIL
SECTION TWOInvestment Information
1. Investment Philosophy (Firm-Wide)1.1 State the name of the INVESTMENT person responsible for the content of this Section. Please provide the following: Robert Frost, Head of Australian Equities* Level 47, 80 Collins Street (North Tower) Melbourne VIC 3000* rfrost@ocfunds.com.au1.2 Describe your broad investment philosophy. This should not limit the statement to different philosophies or sub-philosophies which may be driving any individual product, as articulated in a later section of this document. What evidence do you have to support this philosophy? Please be concise and do not use any marketing embellishment. OC believe that the intrinsic value of many underlying businesses is not always reflected in the market price of the company’s securities. Equity markets can be emotional, backward looking and inefficient which provides opportunities for prudent investors who remain objective and make considered investment decisions based on thorough fundamental analysis.OC Fund’s aim is to purchase securities that we believe are trading below their intrinsic value and have sound long-term investment fundamentals. This maximises the potential to achieve strong and consistently positive investment returns over the long-term.OC Funds adopts a “bottom-up” benchmark unaware approach to investment. We do not believe in holding a stock in a portfolio merely because it represents a meaningful part of an index. Rather we assess individual stocks on their own merits whereby a stocks index inclusion is merely one aspect of investment decision. As such, our portfolio can be markedly different from the index at various times.Our investment philosophy incorporates a strong focus on risk management as part of our disciplined and sustainable investment process. Knowing what you are investing in means understanding the key business drivers. To understand the key business drivers, we undertake intensive company analysis involving senior management and industry and competitive sources. 1.3 Please describe your approach to tax management. Do you report after tax returns? After tax returns are available for common Australian tax structures and rates. The investment team considers Australian tax consequences (such as 45-day rule for franking and 1-year discount period for capital gains) but these are not primary drivers of investment decisions. Tax parcels are allocated on a max loss/min gain basis by the fund administrators.1.4 Have you committed to formalising the integration of ESG considerations in your investment process either by becoming a signatory to the UNPRI or developing a publically available responsible investment/ESG policy? OC Funds are not a signatory to UNPRI. Our ESG policy is available on request.Summary of ESG approach:
Values basedNoInvestment impact based?NoRelative importance of factors?Stock specificHard negative screens?NoHard positive screens?NoESG activism?NoMember UNPRI?NoESG Charter / RI policy?YesESG factors considered in company scoring?YesPortfolio weights impacted by ESG factors?Yes1.5 Do you report on your progress in integrating ESG considerations publically or to clients? No. We completed the formal integration/identification of ESG principals within our investment process in 2013. Any changes now are simply in the ordinary evolution of the process.
2. OC FundsThis section is suitable for Long Only; Long/Short; 130/30 or Absolute Return Funds. If you have multiple products of this type, where the differences between products are such that your responses would be different for each product, please complete this whole section for each of the products in question.2.1 Briefly explain the investment philosophy underpinning your portfolio. Please include specific reference to performance/risk objectives, time horizons, and market inefficiencies exploited.OC Funds believes that the intrinsic value of many underlying businesses is not always reflected in the market price of the company’s securities. Equity markets can be emotional, backward looking and inefficient which provides opportunities for prudent investors who remain objective and make considered investment decisions based on thorough fundamental analysis. The market inefficiencies which we seek to exploit can arise due to the existence of:* “market noise” or speculation around a stock;* a focus on short term investment horizons;* a lack of broker coverage of a stock;* a lack of market awareness of a company due to its non-index inclusion or relatively small market capitalisation.We adopt a “bottom-up” benchmark unaware approach to investment. We do not believe in holding a stock in a portfolio merely because it represents a meaningful part of an index. Rather we assess individual stocks on their own merits whereby a stocks index inclusion is merely one characteristic of a company under consideration. As such, our portfolios can be markedly different from the index at various times.The aim of the OC Premium Small Company Fund and the main component of the OC Dynamic Equity Fund is to purchase securities that we believe are trading below their intrinsic value and have sound long-term investment fundamentals. This maximises the potential to achieve strong and consistently positive investment returns over the long-term. Our investment approach favours companies with:* Strong management;* a simple and transparent business model;* a sustainable competitive advantage; and * attractive valuation metrics based on our proven financial analysis and valuation techniques.Except for dynamic Event Driven positions, our investment time horizon is generally a minimum of three to five years. However, we will sell a security sooner if:* something changes in the investment thesis and key assumptions are proven wrong;* financial or operational expectations are not met;* we are misled, or lose trust in management;* if the stock price reaches our investment target;* there is a better use of the capital.Cash is not allocated strategically, rather it is a result of the investment process, with the cash balance simply being the residual after investments have been purchased or sold. The funds have a maximum target cash weighting of 20%.
2.2 Briefly describe your investment style (active/passive, growth/garp/value, large cap/small cap, high alpha/low alpha, high/low tracking error etc.).OC Funds take a stock-specific, bottom-up approach to investment and do not have a particular style bias (style neutral). We will invest in different stocks for different reasons whether that be value, growth, yield or some combination thereof. There is a heavy emphasis on our own fundamental research in the portfolio construction process and we do not track any particular index. As such, tracking error is expected to be high.To maximise the number of potential investment opportunities, the Funds’ investment universe includes all companies listed or about to be listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (‘ASX’) regardless of their size or business sector. Despite the broad investment universe, we focus on smaller businesses (ex ASX 100) believing they are easier to understand, simpler to value and more accessible to research. We also believe the opportunities for significant growth of well positioned, managed and resourced smaller companies is often greater than that of larger companies.Overall, we look to invest in simple businesses we can understand, with a history of profits and dividends, and which offer a predictable future earnings stream we are able to value. Access to key management and earnings transparency is critical.We avoid companies that have complex technologies, unproven or opaque business models, companies with insufficient diversification of product and supply (eg single mine miners) or companies that lack sufficient liquidityThe OC Premium Small Company Fund does not invest in single commodity, single mine resource stocks. Whilst large mining stocks can be highly profitable, have diversified exposure to commodities and are not reliant on a single mine site, the smaller miners which are single mine owners exposed to one commodity have significant earnings volatility depending on the cycle of the underlying commodity that they are exposed to. Many small resource stocks simply own a resource reserve which is yet to be mined and therefore do not meet our requirement for profitability. We are not of the view that we should own these more speculative stocks simply because they form part of the index. It is for this same reason we have chosen to never invest in loss making companies or unprofitable biotechnology stocks as the skills required to value these stocks is very different to those needed to successfully analyse and invest in profitable companies. Notwithstanding this, quality industrial companies that can service the mining boom have proven to be very successful investments for us, particularly where they can enter long dated take or pay contracts which limit the downside should commodity prices weaken. In certain circumstances, we may still hold stocks that go into the S&P/ASX 100. If we have covered them closely as smaller companies, the business model hasn’t materially changed and retain good access to senior management they can still be held/purchased so long as the key drivers and our understanding of the company and its markets remains intact. For the purpose of assuring investors, we remain true to our original objective of providing exposure to smaller companies, a hard limit of 20% exists for investments in the S&P/ASX 100 index.At present, our investable stock universe for the OC Premium Small Company Fund is approximately 450 stocks listed on the ASX.2.3 Has your investment style changed in the last five years? If it has, describe all changes and the reasons for these changes. (Note this question relates to style. It should not include reference to changes/enhancements to the investment process per se).Our investment style has not changed since the funds’ inception in December 2000.
2.4 Please complete the table below.SOURCE OF VALUE ADDEDCONTRIBUTION TO PERFORMANCE (%)Sector Selection20%Stock Selection80%Factor Tilts (eg. Large/small cap mixes, value/growth, yield, etc)0%Cash Allocation0%Other (please specify)0%TOTAL100%2.5 Indicate the relative importance of the factors tabled below when selecting stocks.FACTORCONTRIBUTION TO PERFORMANCE (%)Value (eg. P/E, dividend yield, etc)30%Past Growth (exhibited in dividends, earnings or free cash flow)10%Projected Growth (eg. Dividends, earnings or free cash flow)30%Technical Analysis0%Quality of Management25%Quantitative methods (eg. Dividend discount models)5%Index Weights0%Other (please specify)0%TOTAL100%2.6 Describe, using a bullet point approach, your “research effort” (e.g. reliance on internal versus external research, company visits, type of analysis carried out and key criteria targeted in the research process). Provide examples of typical research papers produced by your analysts.RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS* We will only invest in companies that we can understand and hence assess both the potential risk and the inherent value.* Approximately 1,000 company visits/presentations will be attended each year to help understand the business model and growth strategy and also assess the quality of the management team and the industries in which they operate* Company analysis is conducted by OC Investment team with external research only used to expand our understanding of the potential investment. Consensus earnings estimates are used to cross-check internal earnings forecasts and to gauge where market expectations might lie. Broker recommendations or target prices are NOT used as a basis for investment or an input into any of our processes.* Knowledge gained though research effort formally enters the investment process in two ways: the Operational Risk Assessment and the Valuation.* Other knowledge and data gained through the research effort such as our investment thesis, stock catalysts and other notes are stores in the OC proprietary database.OPERATIONAL RISK ASSESSMENT (‘ORA’)The ORA is a standardised assessment conducted for all companies within our investment universe after the initial screening described in 6.10. ORAs are updated directly by the investment team in the OC Investment Database as new information comes to light. Companies are assessed on the following criteria:Criteria are unequally weighted, with Management the most important, followed by Business Model, Financial Analysis and Corporate Structure and Operating History having the lowest weightings. The Financial Analysis and Operating History criteria are substantially quantitative assessments with a qualitative overlay while the other criteria are entirely qualitative assessments. Quantitative scores are calculated automatically from a range of measures relating to the respective criteria in the OC Investment Database, while referential integrity of qualitative assessments is assured by peer review sessions where all the investment team all sit down together and review and discuss individual criteria across multiple companies (sorted by industry).These factors often help to identify the most appropriate investment opportunities and are subsequently used to identify the inherent risk of the business. The OC Investment Team are responsible for maintaining up-to-date company information covering each of these areas in the database as they are used to create a ranking from 1 (lower risk) to 5 (higher risk), which forms a central part of the portfolio selection and maintenance process as outlined in sections 6.9 and 6.10.The resulting ORA Score is the combined result of the qualitative and quantitative analysis as undertaken in the ORA. The table below sets out attributes likely to be displayed by companies at each level of scoring.VALUATIONThe next stage of our investment process is driven by our assessment of a price objective for the security. While valuation methodologies can vary from sector to sector and sometimes even from company to company, the most common methods for calculating valuation are:* PE Ratio* EV/EBITDA multiple* Revenue or EV/Sales multiple* Gross Profit multiples* Cash flow multiple* Dividend yield* Discounted cash flow (based on cash flows to equity with equity discount rate or based on cash flow to debt & equity with WACC discount rate)* Sum of the parts or break-up valuation.OC use different valuation techniques for different sectors of the market and we use both relative and absolute valuation measures. We tend to prefer multiple based valuation measures such as PE Ratio or EV/EBITDA to a DCF valuation due to the difficulty in forecasting long term cash-flow for smaller or rapidly growing companies and the difficulty in accurately forecasting terminal growth rates. DCF’s are nevertheless often used as a useful cross check to other valuation methodologies. ESG factors and other factors influence the variables within the assessed valuation methodology.Financial data used in our valuations is sourced from our proprietary models, or in some cases third party models. While we have financial models at present for 267 companies (compared to 220 companies meeting our minimum ORA score), we see little value in creating or maintaining models for companies where our ORA threshold is not met, or where we feel after having prepared a model in the past, that an externally sourced model is of sufficient quality or able to be adapted to meet our quality standards and provide a better use of time. Where we have no model or while our model is being materially updated, consensus financial data is available in the database to allow continuity of the valuation. Our model template has time saving automated features to extract historical financial data from IRESS and Bloomberg including Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss, Cash Flow, capital structure, segmental disclosures, exchange rates, commodity prices, interest rates and other industry and economic statistics which may be used as drivers in our proprietary models. The data from the models is also exported to the database automatically when the model is saved. Our investment team has a strong financial background, which is reflected in the veracity of our models.The valuation process itself is also facilitated by the OC Investment Database which provides cross comparison of valuation methods and estimate data sources for each security. The database maintains the valuation scores on a live basis for use in later processes. Valuation scores are determined by OC’s forecast total return over 12 months, which is calculated from OC’s estimates for dividends and target price as follows:Expected Return=(Target Price+Expected Dividends)/(Current Price)-1EXPECTED RETURNVALUE CATEGORY35% +130 - 35%1.525 - 30%220 - 25%2.516 - 20%312 - 16%3.58 - 12%44 - 8%4.5-100 - 4%5The lowest value score for inclusion/retention in the portfolio is 4 which means that the annual expected return for any stock held in the portfolio must be at least 8% to meet the criteria for inclusion/retention in the portfolio. As a stock price moves closer to our OC Valuation, it makes sense that the weighting of that stock should be reducing in our portfolio as the risk versus return equations deteriorates. Likewise if the stock price falls and moves further away from the OC Valuation, it makes sense that the weighting of the stock in the portfolio ought to increase (unless the risk as measure by the ORA has increased or the inputs into the valuation have changed).2.7 Define the authorised universe of investable securities for your flagship fund and those that are actively researched. If applicable, please include specific reference to securities that are not in the index.Our investment mandate and the fund’s constitution allow us to invest in all securities listed, or about to list (imminent IPOs), on the Australian Stock Exchange. The fund will not write or purchase derivatives, although it may hold listed options.The following securities are typically excluded from the OC investable universe:* Stocks with a market capitalisation of less than $50m (typically excluded due to liquidity and quality considerations);* Stock which are not profitable and are not cash flow positive (except in the innovators sleave of the Premium Fund and the Dynamic Fund);* Single commodity or single mine resource stocks;* Unprofitable Biotechnology Stocks;* Listed Investment Companies.Further details of the scoping of the investment universe are included in 6.102.8 Provide a diagram detailing your investment process.INVESTMENT PROCESSINVESTMENT PROCESS DATA RELATIONSHIPSData is captured in the OC Investment Database from our financial models, Bloomberg, IRESS, our Microsoft Exchange email and calendar server, our file server (for internal meeting notes, spreadsheets and calculations and sundry company files), as well as entered data for our ORAs and Valuations. The collated data is used in our financial models, automatically emailed reports and reminders, ORA and Valuation reports and comparisons, our Target Weighting Matrix and related portfolio maintenance reports and other sundry tools such as filtering, Risk Management Committee reports, portfolio analytics, sector reports, IRESS watchlist creation etc.The software suite has been designed and constructed entirely in-house by Stephen Evans, while the IT hardware and third-party software support is outsourced. Owing to the in-house nature of the investment software, it is continually updated with new functions and features as devised by the investment, marketing or admin teams as required.A copy of the detailed instruction manuals for the OC Investment Database and the OC Model Template can be made available on request. These manuals provide detailed description of the common functions in the respective tools. Live demonstration of systems is possible in review meetings. Examples of reports such as the ORA, Valuation, Target Weighting Matrix and portfolio analytics reports can also be made available on request2.9 Briefly describe your stock selection process, with reference to filtering criteria, in-depth research, selection criteria and ranking.The diagram below shows the stages of selection a security must pass through to be included in the portfolio. The numbers provided in this diagram were correct at the date of preparation but change continuously due to the dynamic nature of the process. As such, they should be taken as a guide only.INITIAL SCREENThe initial screen for core holdings removes from the universe the following groups of companies:* Securities with a market capitalisation of less than $50m (typically excluded due to liquidity and quality considerations);* Stocks which are not profitable and are not cash flow positive;* Unproven or complex technologies* Single commodity or single mine resource stocks;* Stocks with insufficient market liquidity* S&P/ASX 100 Companies.In certain circumstances we may still hold stocks that go into the S&P/ASX 100. If we have covered them closely as smaller companies, the business model hasn’t materially changed and retain good access to senior management they can still be held / purchased so long as the key drivers and our understanding of the company and its markets remains intact. For the purpose of assuring investors that we remain true to our original objective of providing exposure to smaller companies, a hard limit of 20% exists for investments in the S&P/ASX 100 index.‘INNOVATOR’ SLEEVEIn recognition of the evolving nature of the small-cap universe, the Innovators Sleeve was added to the OC Premium Small Companies Fund in 2019 to allow the process to capture rapidly growing innovative business models that are not yet profitable. It recognises that rapid technological advancement has spawned a new breed of innovative and often disruptive businesses which have an increasing presence within the ASX listed small company universe.Innovators are typically early stage businesses, often with disruptive business models, that are not yet operationally profitability and/or cashflow positive but have an identifiable pathway to becoming profitable and being cashflow positive within 5 years. Innovators are growing rapidly but often prefer to sacrifice near-term earnings to focus on areas such as further product innovation, additional customer acquisition and enhancing their longer-term competitive position. This strategy can ultimately lead to greater profitability for the business in the long-run once the company has achieved a dominant market position. Examples of companies that are currently or until recently in the S&P/ASX Small Ordinaries Index which fall into this category include: Afterpay, Xero, Nearmap, NextDC, Megaport, Zip Co, HUB24, Aconex, Superloop and Bubs.The Innovators Sleeve is limited to 10% of the capital of the Fund.OC Funds has a long heritage of successfully investing in ‘innovator’ businesses in the OC Dynamic Equity Fund and the OC Micro-Cap Funds. Successes for the Funds include Aconex, Kogan Ltd, Afterpay and NextDC, all of which initially started in the Dynamic or Micro-Cap Fund before moving into the OC Premium Small Companies Fund. The enhancement is therefore not a major ‘step out’ from an investment perspective, rather it is a progressive move that reflects the evolving nature of the S&P/ASX Small Ordinaries Index and business more generally.‘Innovator’ investments are typically medium to long term investments for the Fund and must meet our existing operational risk assessment and the valuation criteria under our investment process. Although they are not currently profitable/cash flow positive, they must have a pathway (existing business model) under which they can achieve this within five years.Typical Valuation Methodologies for ‘Innovators’ include:* Revenue, EV/Sales or Gross Profit Multiples* Sum of the Parts* Discounted Cash FlowsA large percentage of the recent the IPO pipeline has been businesses that are growing rapidly, typically due to some form of product or service innovation, software or technology, but are not yet operationally profitable or cashflow positive. Recent examples include: PEXA Group Limited and Guzman y Gomez Limited.  OPERATIONAL RISK ASSESSMENTAs detailed in section 6.7, stocks are ranked based on criteria in the following broad groups:* Management * Business Model* Operating History* Industry Structure * Corporate Structure* Financial AnalysisVALUATION ASSESSMENTAs detailed in section 6.7, stocks expected total returns are assessed and ranked. This data changes most frequently, as the total return is calculated as a function of the current price, thereby as the price increases, the expected return decreases and visa versa.PORTFOLIO SELECTION AND MAINTENANCEThe stocks in the portfolio at any given time will typically represent those with the highest suggested weightings in our target weighting matrix, as described in section 4.12. The following considerations, however, are also taken into account:* Sector exposures and other input from the risk management committee* Liquidity of target investments* Hard limits for large or small stocks and cash weighting* Diversification of drivers of investments within the portfolio* Number of securities meeting minimum criteria
2.10 Please highlight any enhancements to the stock selection process and methodology.The OC proprietary software, developed by Stephen Evans in early 2010, encapsulates every aspect of the OC investment process. The OC Central database includes:* Bloomberg and IRESS data-feeds;* Operational Risk Assessments on all stocks in the OC Funds securities universe;* Standardised valuation templates;* Financial models on standardised templates;* Standardised research templates* OC’s proprietary target weightings matrix;* Portfolio construction, monitoring and reporting tools.* Notes from company meetings and site visits* Broker research and sundry research filesThe addition of the investment Risk Management Committee (RMC) in December 2009 has been a material enhancement to the OC process. The Risk Management Committee provides a macro overlay to the bottom up stock focus of the portfolio. The RMC meets each month as an overlay on top of the bottom up stock picking process. The Risk Management Committee is chaired by Bruce Loveday.The function of the Risk Management Committee is to review:* Sector and stock weightings* Liquidity issues* Macro influences and issues* Public policy and regulatory issues* Global factors influencing or likely to influence equity markets* Other issues impacting the markets.Whilst it is the RMC’s goal, it is the responsibility of the Head of Investments to ensure that the OC Funds are being run conservatively and that portfolio positions are appropriate given prevailing market conditions and external macro influences.Other minor enhancements to the stock selection process in early 2010 include:* Maximum cash weighting for the OC Premium Small Company Fund and the OC Dynamic Equity Fund changed from 100% to 20%;* Maximum portfolio weighting in a particular stock for the OC Premium Small Company Fund and the OC Dynamic Equity Fund changed from 11% to 8% and for the OC Concentrated Equity Fund, from 14% to 10%;* Minimum market capitalisation changed from $30m to $50m;* A hard limit of 20% (combined holdings) was set for stocks in the S&P/ASX 100 Index for the OC Premium Small Company Fund and the OC Dynamic Equity Fund.In recognition of the evolving nature of the small-cap universe, the Innovators Sleeve was added to the OC Premium Small Companies Fund in 2019 to allow the process to capture rapidly growing innovative business models that are not yet profitable. It recognises that rapid technological advancement has spawned a new breed of innovative and often disruptive businesses which have an increasing presence within the ASX listed small company universe.Innovators are typically early stage businesses, often with disruptive business models, that are not yet operationally profitability and/or cashflow positive but have an identifiable pathway to becoming profitable and being cashflow positive within 5 years. The best of these opportunities can now be captured in the Innovator Sleeve of the Fund and are limited to a maximum of 10% of the capital of the Fund. The Innovator Sleeve leverages off OC Fund’s existing investment process (same operational risk assessment and valuation approach) and has been successfully utilised for many years in the OC Dynamic Fund and Micro-Cap Fund.2.11 Describe your portfolio construction process covering: tools/techniques, buy/sell disciplines, number of stocks held, stock weightings relative to index, determination of large/medium/small cap exposure, sectoral bias, securities that are not in the index, quantitative techniques and the cash allocation decisionThe OC portfolios will generally consist of ASX listed stocks that have been purchased based on their intrinsic value, determined after thorough fundamental and financial analysis including risk assessment. This analysis includes, but is not limited to: industry analysis, company meetings, company site visit and financial modelling. These companies would usually be purchased with a view to holding over the long-term, defined as 18 months or more (typically targeting 3-5 years).The OC Dynamic Equity Fund portfolio often includes some companies (up to 10%) that show initial promise as long-term investments but which require additional work for status as long-term holdings. These are referred to as “Concept Models’ and are typically held at lower weightings of less than 3% (maximum 4%). The investment process utilised to assess these investments for inclusion in the portfolio is the same as that used to assess ‘Core Fundamental’ holdings. The exception is that whilst ‘Core Fundamental’ holdings must be profitable and cash-flow positive in the coming 12 months, “Concept Models’ must instead have a clear pathway to profitability with-in the next five years.In addition, the OC Dynamic Equity Fund portfolio can invest up to 10% in stocks that we believe have a catalyst for performance in the short to medium term but are unlikely to comprise core positions in the immediate future. These are referred to as “Event Driven’ trades. For example, a company that we expect to win a major contract/s or tender/s; a company where there has been significant positive management change; or a company that has made a value adding acquisition. This may include some short-term positions which typically revolve around corporate activity, secondary issues or contract wins. For example, we could invest in a bio-tech IPO that has been heavily over-subscribed and which we believe to be under-valued, even though this may not meet to requirements for a core portfolio investment. These trading positions are sold as soon as the event deemed to be ‘the share price catalyst’ materialises or passes. For example, in the case of an IPO or placement, once the shares list/re-list and the market has efficiently priced in the new information.FUND WEIGHTINGSThe portfolio construction is over-laid by a proprietary weighting matrix which is used to evaluate appropriate stock weighting. The weighting matrix considers:1. Operational Risk2. Valuation Risk3. Liquidity RiskFund targeted weightings are calculated to be between 1.7% and a maximum of 8.0%.
TARGETED WEIGHTINGS TABLETargeted portfolio weightings are defined using the relationship between ORA and Valuation scores as set out in the following table.The portfolio construction process is overlaid by the stock weighting matrix which is determined through inputs of the ORA and OC valuation. Whilst we do not rigidly adhere to the results of the stock weightings matrix, it is an excellent cross check to the portfolio construction process and helps to ensure that portfolio holdings are appropriate in the context of risk versus expected return. Stocks in the portfolio are rarely held at a weighting greater or less than one percent outside that suggested by the weightings matrix.The portfolio construction process for the Dynamic Fund and OC Micro-Cap ‘Event Driven’ positions is summarised in the following matrix:LIQUIDITY SCALING The combined total weighting in an individual company by the OC Funds will not exceed 7.5% of issued capital.Whilst liquidity is not formally taken into account in the proprietary weighting matrix, it is material consideration in portfolio construction. As a rule, the OC portfolios will not hold a position in a stock that is equivalent to more than two weeks’ total turnover for that stock (determined by average of past 12 month turnover).We believe that our relatively small FUM is a major competitive advantage in that it gives us the flexibility to enter and exit stock position quicker than most of our peers. This advantage would be lost if large illiquid positions were to be accumulated. This is a key reason behind our decision to cap the FUM in the OC Premium and OC Dynamic Equity Funds at 0.75% of the S&P/ASX Small Industrials Index (~$1.3b).WEIGHTING LIMITSMaximum Portfolio WeightAs defined in the Target Weighting Matrix, the maximum Fund weighting for the OC Premium Small Company Fund and the OC Dynamic Equity fund is capped at 8.0%.Maximum Company WeightThe combined total weight owned by the OC Funds is capped at 7.5% of issued capital of an individual company.SELL DISCIPLINESThe key reasons for selling a stock:* If something changes in the investment thesis and key assumptions are proven wrong.* Financial or operational expectations are not met.* We are misled, or lose trust in management.* If the stock reaches our investment target.* There is a better use of capital.The first three reasons could lead to either a change in the value score, the ORA score or both, while the last two represent factors which would only change the value score. All these impacts would change the positioning on the target weighting matrix (although the last may only be a relative change as alternative investments may have become more attractive).The sell discipline for ‘Event Driven’ positions in the OC Dynamic Equity Fund is as follows:* The defeasance of the event (the catalyst no longer looks likely to eventuate) will immediately result in the sale of the position.* The event transpires and the stock is subsequently sold.* Otherwise ‘Event driven’ positions will either be sold or, in rare instances, reclassified (to either ‘Concept Models’ or ‘Core Fundamental) positions within 20 days of the occurrence of the event.The following example shows relative positioning of stocks in one of our comparative tools. Stocks with insufficient ORA or Value scores for portfolio inclusion are not shown. To aid portfolio selection and intra-industry comparison, the portfolio manager can drill into specific sectors and indices.MAXIMUM CASH ALLOCATIONThe OC Funds’ flexible investment mandate extends to the portfolios’ cash holding, with a maximum cash weighting of 20% for the OC Premium and Dynamic equity funds. Cash will be held until suitably attractive investments are discovered and purchased. 2.12 How are trades allocated across portfolios? What processes are in place to ensure portfolios are consistently structured and excess cash is not held?OC has three Funds in Australian equities which are all run from the same location by the same investment team and, as such, has the ability to monitor trades and allocate them efficiently with a minimum of effort.Given the varying investment mandates there will be trades in certain stocks which are only allocated one fund. Conversely, where a stock is bought (or sold) for more than one fund and the securities available are not sufficient to satisfy demand, allocation will be shared between the Funds based on their respective levels of demand for the particular trade (i.e. pro-rata to the targeted total trade volume to meet target weight).2.13 Describe what steps you take to monitor and minimise transaction costs. In what way is the after tax return for each stock considered prior each transaction?Transaction costs are a function of both brokerage rates and prices obtained in relation to transactions incurred. In relation to brokerage rates for significant transactions, we negotiate and review the standard brokerage rate down as appropriate. Nevertheless, we do believe in paying sufficient brokerage to ensure a regular and steady flow of corporate opportunities, analyst access, company presentations and stock flow.OC employed a full-time dealer in 2005 to effectively execute trades and minimise transaction costs for the funds. OC uses a combination of ‘Full Service’ and ‘Discount’ brokers to execute transactions. Current brokerage rates ranges are 0.05%-0.3%.Due to its investment style, OC does not have a formalised panel of brokers. We do however break our brokers down into three tiers depending on their quality and level of service, deal flow, corporate and analyst access and stock flow. Brokerage is allocated across our stockbrokers by targeted percentage of total brokerage based on the above factors.Brokerage paid is assessed by the investment team at the end of each quarter. Adjustments are made to the targeted percentages based upon the performance of the individual broking firms on the above criteria.Whilst our primary focus is to maximise the investment returns for the Funds and to preserve the Fund’s capital, the investment team is cognisant of capital gains tax issues impacting the Funds and the Fund’s unit holders (who will have a range of particular tax attributes not known by the manager). In particular, the investment team monitors the ongoing realised and unrealised gains in the funds on an on-going basis.2.14 What do you see as the relevant investment risk characteristics of your portfolios? Do you have portfolios that you consider having significantly different risk profiles? Please detail the differences.OC Funds considers that its funds contain less risk (as measured by absolute return over the medium term) than the equity market itself due to its investment philosophy and style. The risk profile for our funds is derived mainly from our rigid adherence to our Stock Selection criteria. This restricts our investments to companies that represent both quality and value and have strong management teams. We believe that this minimises downside risk and allows us to avoid poor quality stocks.As a benchmark unaware fund manager, we do not pay particular attention to the portfolios’ tracking errors versus any ASX index as we feel this is only measuring risk versus an arbitrary benchmark.Given our focus on investing in quality companies at sensible prices, we would expect to under-perform the market in the latter stages of a bull market where investment returns are highly leveraged, and lesser quality companies generally produce superior short-term results.With regard to the relative levels of risk of the different investment strategies employed, we would expect that the Core Fundamental strategy of the OC Premium Small Company Fund would likely yield the lowest risk. The ability of the OC Dynamic Fund and OC Micro-Cap Fund to invest in businesses at an earlier stage of their evolution in the ‘Concept Model’ strategy would be suggestive of investing in higher risk and potentially less liquid companies with shorter track records. The ‘Event Driven’ strategy (only in the OC Dynamic Equity Fund and the OC Micro-Cap Fund) is likely to yield the highest risk due to the short-term nature and reduced use of ORAs for the investments in this strategy.The OC Funds can hold up to 20% cash in the event that suitable investment opportunities are not available.
2.15 Summarise in table format your risk management techniques (e.g. stock/sector limits, ex-ante tracking error, quality filters, constraints on derivatives, etc).OC PREMIUM SMALL COMPANY FUNDWhat are the Portfolio Risk Guidelines / Characteristics with regard to the following Criteria?Stock Weights0 - 8%Max % Holding of a Company7.5%Weighting to Resources (for Australian Equities mandates)unconstrainedMaximum cash weighting20%Number of Stocks40-60Turnover40% - 80%Tracking ErrorN/AAs discussed in prior sections, the key factor that limits risk in the OC Premium Small Company Fund is our focus on investing in quality companies. As high conviction investors, our focus is on understanding the individual businesses within the fund and minimising individual stock specific risks. Risk management is ingrained in our investment process via the undertaking of the “Operational Risk Assessment” (discussed above) which is completed on every stock that is considered for portfolio inclusion. A company that does not score sufficiently highly on the Operational Risk Assessment is screened out of the portfolio construction process. A distinguishing feature of our process is that we look to confirm the quality of a company first and only then do we look at other issues such as relative value. Furthermore, a Risk Management Committee (RMC) meets each month as an overlay on top of the bottom up stock picking process. The risk management committee comprises is Chaired by Bruce Loveday who has extensive funds management experience.The function of the Risk Management Committee is to review:* Sector and stock weightings* Liquidity issues* Macro influences and issues* Public policy and regulatory issues* Global factors influencing or likely to influence equity markets* Other issues impacting the marketsThe risk management committee has the overriding goal of ensuring that the OC Funds are being run conservatively and that portfolio positions are appropriate given prevailing market conditions and external macro influences.2.16 Please explain how you use derivatives, providing some typical strategies. Are there any derivative strategies you will not use? Who is responsible for managing and implementing derivative strategies?No derivatives are used except in the case of some IPOs where listed options come free when purchasing the ordinary shares.2.17 To what extent does your investment division participate on clients’ behalf in transactions such as underwriting issues, etc. originated by another division of your firm? Who receives the benefits of fees on these transactions?Not Applicable.2.18 What is your policy on “in specie” transfers between portfolios. Please provide details of any such transactions that have occurred over the past 6 months, including stocks transferred, source and destination portfolios, stock market price at time of transfer, price at which transfer was affected, and date of transfer.No “in specie” transfers have occurred between OC’s portfolios.2.19 Describe your approach to corporate governance issues relating to the Australian shares portfolio:Do you have a formal voting policy on stocks held in the portfolio? * OC’s overriding principle is to cast votes on all matters on which we are eligible to vote in the best interests of our unitholders.* Voting is undertaken online via the ISS Proxy Exchange.* Voting rights are an important element of OC’s ESG considerations.* OC will vote against resolutions that may damage shareholder rights or investment performance or those that do not accord with our expectations of ‘best practice’ corporate governance.* OC remains in regular contact with management and will participate in or aim to influence corporate decision making if needed in advance of issues coming to shareholder meetings.Do you maintain a record of all voting on behalf of clients?All voting is conducted through the ISS (Institutional Shareholder Services) Votex system. All voting is recorded in this system.What is the process for identifying and acting on corporate governance issues?All aspects of OC’ long term holdings are constantly monitored through ASX releases, annual reports and other media releases. Corporate governance issues, if applicable, will be raised directly with the company’s Managing Director or Chairman. If the issues raised are not resolved to OC’ satisfaction, then the holdings would most likely be sold.Corporate governance issues are explicitly taken into account in the operational risk Assessment that we conduct on each company being considered for portfolio inclusion under the sub-heading “Corporate Structure and Board”.What reporting do you provide to clients on your actions in the area of corporate governance?No formal reporting is conducted although this information is available to clients if requested.
Investment Management Questionnaire		Page | 2Investment Management Questionnaire		Page | 2