OC Mid-Cap Fund

Product Disclosure Statement | Date of issue 2 December 2024
This Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) is issued by Copia
Investment Partners Ltd (ABN 22 092 872 056, AFSL 229316)
(Copia, we, our or us), as the responsible entity (RE) of the OC
Mid-Cap Fund (ARSN 679 449 293, APIR OPS0472AU) (Fund).
This PDS provides a summary of significant information about
the Fund. It contains a number of references to important
information contained in the ‘Additional Information’ Booklet
(Additional Information or AI), which forms part of this PDS.
A glossary of certain terms used in this PDS is set out in the
AI. The PDS, AI and TMD are available at www.copiapartners.
com.au (the website) or you can request a copy free of
charge by contacting Copia on 1800 442 129 or via email at
clientservices@copiapartners.com.au.
This PDS does not constitute an offer in any jurisdiction other
than Australia or to anyone whom it would not be lawful
to make such an offer. It is important that you consider the
information in this PDS, the AI and TMD before making a
decision about the Fund.
The information in this PDS is general information only and
does not take into account your financial situation or needs.
You should obtain financial advice tailored to your personal
circumstances. Information in this PDS or the AI may change
from time to time. The RE will notify you of any changes to this
information that may have a materially adverse impact on you
or any other significant event that affects the information in this
PDS. Any update to information that is not materially adverse
to investors will be provided at www.copiapartners.com.au/
Please check the website or contact Copia or your financial
adviser for any updates prior to investing. A paper copy of any
update will be provided free of charge on request.
All figures in this PDS are quoted in Australian dollars and are
current at the date of this PDS. Neither we, nor any of Copia’s
related entities, guarantee the performance of the Fund,
the repayment of capital, any particular rate of return or any
particular taxation consequence of investing. Past performance
is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investment
in the Fund is not a bank deposit or an investment in or other
liability of Copia. No assurance is given that the Fund’s projected
asset allocations or stated objectives will be achieved or
maintained at the levels disclosed in this PDS.

Responsible Entity
Copia Investment Partners Ltd
Level 47, North Tower, 80 Collins Street
Melbourne Vic 3000
P     1800 442 129 (free call)
E     clientservices@copiapartners.com.au
copiapartners.com.au

v1 0922

Contents
1.

About Copia Investment Partners Ltd

2.

How the OC Mid-Cap Fund works

3.

Benefits of investing in the OC Mid-Cap Fund

4.

Risks of managed investment schemes

5.

How we invest your money

6.

Fees and costs

7.

How managed investment schemes are taxed

8.

How to apply

1. About Copia Investment Partners Ltd
About the Responsible Entity
Copia is the responsible entity of the Fund. Its role includes holding the Fund’s assets on
trust for investors and investing the Fund’s assets in accordance with the Fund’s constitution
and any applicable laws. As RE, Copia’s responsibilities and obligations are governed by the
Fund’s constitution, the Corporations Act and general trust law.
The RE has the power to appoint at any time a custodian to hold the Fund’s assets
(Custodian). The RE will pay the Custodian a fee for acting as the Fund’s custodian. This fee is
not an additional fee to you and is included in the management costs described in the PDS.
In its role as custodian, the Custodian holds the assets of the Fund. The role of the
Custodian is limited to holding assets of the Fund and it has no supervisory role in relation
to the operation of the Fund. The Custodian does not make investment decisions in respect
of the assets held or manage those assets, and has no liability or responsibility to investors
in the Fund. The Custodian is a paid service provider, is not responsible for preparing this
document and accepts no responsibility for any information in this document.
We may change the custodian where we are satisfied that the proposed new custodian
meets applicable regulatory requirements. You will not be notified of a change in custodian
unless we are required to do so by law.

About the investment manager
OC Funds Mid-Cap Pty Ltd (ABN: 38 674 636 830) (OC) has been appointed the Investment
Manager by the RE. OC was established in 2000 and is a boutique Investment Manager
which specialises in Australian mid, small and micro-cap equities.
Led by Robert Frost, the long-standing and well-resourced team comprises six specialist
mid, small and micro-cap investors who together combine over 100 years of investment
management experience.  
You should read the important information about Copia Investment Partners Ltd
before making a decision. Go to the ‘About Copia Investment Partners Ltd’ section
of the Additional Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us.
The material relating to Copia Investment Partners Ltd may change between the
time when you read this PDS and the day when you acquire the product.

OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 1

OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

2. How the OC Mid-Cap Fund works
The Fund is a registered managed investment scheme under the
Corporations Act in which funds subscribed by individual investors
are pooled to buy assets on behalf of all investors. Fund assets are
selected and managed by a professional team (For more infomation
refer to the website).
The Fund is established under and governed by the Fund's
constitution, which sets out your rights, as well as the powers
and responsibilities of Copia. You can obtain a free copy of the
constitution by contacting us.
Investors are issued units which entitle them to a proportionate
interest in the income and assets of the Fund. Investors do not have
an entitlement to any particular asset of the Fund. The Fund’s assets
are valued in accordance with the Fund’s constitution based on
market values. Unit prices will vary as the market value of the Fund’s
assets rise and fall.
When you invest in the Fund, you will be issued a number of units
calculated by reference to the applicable unit application price. When
you withdraw from the Fund, your units will be withdrawn at the
applicable unit withdrawal price. The most recent unit prices are
available on the website, and the link to this is accessable here.

Making an investment in the Fund
The minimum initial investment amount for the Fund is $20,000. You
can invest directly in the Fund by following these easy steps:
•
•

•

Read this PDS, AI and the Fund's TMD, which are all available on
our website or in hard copy on request.
Complete and submit the online application form accompanying
this PDS at OC Mid-Cap Fund Online Application. Paper
application forms are also available on the website and should
be returned to unit registry GPO Box 3993 Sydney NSW 2001 or
as directed on the application form.
Making an additional investment. See the section ‘Making
additional investments’ for further information.

Application cut off time
Generally, units in the Fund will only be issued following acceptance
of a valid application, including investor identification documents and
your application money in cleared funds. Application monies are held
in a non-interest-bearing bank account until units are issued.
If your OC Mid-Cap Fund Application (or additional investment) and
application monies are received and identified (and accepted by us)
by 2.00 pm AEST on a business day, it will generally be processed
using the entry price calculated for that business day. Applications
received and identified (and accepted by us) after 2.00 pm AEST
on a business day (but by the next cut-off time) will generally be
processed using the entry price calculated for the next business day.
You can make payment by direct-debit, EFT or BPay only. See the
Application Form for more information. Monies must clear before
we issue units in the Fund. Copia reserves the right to reject an
application for units at our discretion.
Making additional investments
Subject to the above cut off times, further investments can be
made in addition to an initial investment at any time. The minimum
additional investment is $5,000. Additional application forms are
available on the website (www.ocfunds.com.au/mid-cap-fund) or by
calling Copia on 1800 442 129. Alternatively, additional investments
can be submitted online via the website by clicking “Invest Online”
and quoting your existing investor number. Minimum initial and
additional investment amounts can be waived by the RE at any time.

2 | OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

Making a withdrawal from the Fund
You can withdraw all or part of your investment at any time by
completing a ‘Withdrawal Request Form’ and returning it to us online
(copia.transactions@boardroomlimited.com.au) or via post or mail
(GPO Box 3993 Sydney NSW 2001) or as directed on the form. A
Withdrawal Request Form can be obtained on our website or by
contacting Copia on 1800 442 129. The minimum withdrawal amount
is $5,000.
The price at which units are withdrawn is determined in accordance
with the constitution (Withdrawal Price). The Withdrawal Price, in
general terms, is equal to the NAV of the Fund divided by the number
of units on issue and adjusted for transaction costs (Sell Spread).
The Sell Spread is disclosed in the Fees and Costs section of this PDS.
However, the Sell Spread for units in the Fund may change without
notice. The Withdrawal Price will vary as the market value of assets in
the Fund rises and falls.
Withdrawal and cut-off times
If your withdrawal request is received and identified (and accepted by
us) by 2.00 pm AEST on a business day, it will generally be processed
with the exit price calculated for that business day. Withdrawal
requests received (and accepted by us) after 2.00 pm AEST on a
business day (but by the next processing cut-off time) will generally
be processed using the exit price calculated for the next business day.
We usually pay withdrawal proceeds directly to your nominated bank
account within ten business days of accepting a withdrawal request.
The nominated bank account must be in the name of the investor(s).
Withdrawal proceeds will not be paid to third parties. Under the
Fund’s constitution, we have a right to refuse to give effect to a
withdrawal request in whole or in part at our discretion.
The minimum account balance must be maintained at all times. Copia
reserves the right to fully redeem your investment if your balance in
the Fund falls below $20,000. Copia may also reject an application
for units or a withdrawal at our discretion in the event that minimum
balances are not met.
Restrictions on withdrawals
We may suspend withdrawals for a period of 120 days from the day
on which units would have been withdrawn or for longer where the
redemptions are unable to be made in the Fund.
In some circumstances, such as when there is a freeze on
withdrawals, members may not be able to withdraw their funds
within the usual period upon request. The circumstances in which
we may freeze the withdrawal of units in the Fund include where the
valuation of the Fund’s assets is not possible or where we reasonably
consider that it is in the interests of the investors to do so.
Suspension on applications and withdrawals
We may suspend applications and withdrawals in circumstances
specified in the Constitution, including when we consider it to be in
the best interests of investors, when financial markets are closed or
their operation is significantly impacted or if the Fund is not liquid
(as defined in the Corporations Act) or if there is a large withdrawal
requested. If you lodge an application or withdrawal during a
suspension period, we will process it as if it was lodged immediately
after the end of the suspension period.
If the Fund is not liquid an investor can only withdraw when Copia
makes a withdrawal offer to investors in accordance with the
Corporations Act. Copia is not obligated to make such an offer.
If you are an indirect investor, you need to provide your withdrawal
request to your platform operator. The time to process a withdrawal
request will depend on the platform operator and the terms of the
IDPS.

2. How the OC Mid-Cap Fund works (continued)
Distributions

Transfers and switching

The Fund may earn income such as dividends and interest, as well
as net realised capital gains, on the sale of assets. Fund income is
distributed every year.

Direct Investors can transfer their units in the Fund to another person
(unless we do not consent to the transfer) where permitted under
the Fund's constitution. Contact Copia on 1800 442 129 for more
information and to obtain the relevant forms.

The investor's share of any distribution is calculated in accordance
with the Fund's constitution.
Net income and realised capital gains generated by the Fund are
distributed to investors annually, usually within two months following
the end of the financial year. The Fund’s unit price will generally fall
following the end of a distribution period, reflecting the amount of
income and capital gains paid out to unitholders by the Fund.
The distribution amount will vary between distribution periods due
to market conditions and investment performance and the making of
any distribution is not guaranteed.
Subject to the terms of the Fund’s constitution, there may be times
when a distribution is not made by the Fund and times when a
‘special’ distribution is paid outside of usual distribution periods.
Distributions will be made to investors of the Fund pro rata to the
proportion each investor holds in the total number of units on issue
in the Fund. We may pay distributions via a deposit directly into a
bank account or reinvest as additional units.
We ask investors to nominate their preferred method of distribution
on the Application Form. If you do not make a choice, we will
automatically reinvest any distributions on your behalf into the Fund.
Units issued on reinvestment of any distribution are issued at a
special reinvestment price on the first business day of the new
distribution period. The special reinvestment price will be calculated
by reference to the ex-NAV of the Fund and will not include any
impact of buy/sell spread.
We will distribute any franking credits or foreign tax credits
generated during the period and available to be distributed with the
30 June payments.
For more information on the acquisition, holding, transfer and
disposal of units in the Fund please refer to ‘About the OC Mid-Cap
Fund ’ in the Additional Information.

An investor may incur a cost in switching between our funds through
the buy/sell spread process (for information on the buy/sell spread
of the Fund, see ‘Transactional and operational costs and buy/sell
spread’ under the heading ‘Additional explanation of fees and costs’
in the Additional Information). A minimum switch of $5,000 applies.
For more information on the acquisition, holding, transfer and
disposal of units in the Fund please refer to ‘About the OC Mid-Cap
Fund ’ in the Additional Information.

Direct Investors
You can apply for units in the Fund by completing the application
form.

Platform or Indirect Investors
When Investing through a master trust, wrap account, investordirected portfolio service, investor-directed portfolio-like scheme
or similar arrangement (collectively referred to as a ‘platform’),
it is generally the platform that becomes the investor, not you. It
follows that the platform has the rights of an investor and it alone
can exercise them. If you invest through a platform, you may also be
subject to different conditions from those outlined in this PDS (such
as procedures for making investments and withdrawals, cooling-off
periods, cut-off times for transacting and additional fees and costs).
The RE authorises the use of this PDS by investors who wish to
access the Fund through a platform. Copia is not responsible for the
operation of any platform.
If you invest through a platform, in addition to reading this PDS,
you should read the document that explains the platform service.To
invest in the Fund via a platform, to make an additional investment
or to make a withdrawal you must complete the documentation
that your platform operator requires. Please contact your platform
operator directly with any enquiries. Unless otherwise stated, the
information in this PDS applies to direct investors only.

Indirect investors should review their IDPS Guide for information on
when and how they receive any income distribution.
You should read the important information about the applications, withdrawals, holding, transfer and disposal of units in the Fund
before making a decision. Go to the ‘About the OC Mid-Cap Fund’ and 'How the OC Mid-Cap Fund works' section of the Additional
Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating to the applications, withdrawals, holding,
transfer and disposal of units in the Fund may change between the time when you read this PDS and the day when you acquire the
product.

3. Benefits of investing in the OC Mid-Cap Fund
Significant features
The Fund offers investors the opportunity to gain investment
exposure to high quality and well managed mid-cap stocks in a
segment of the market that has produced superior investment
returns over the past two decades. Mid-cap companies can
potentially generate superior returns because risks associated
with early growth may be lessened where businesses can be more
established and financially stable. This means that mid-caps can be
often ripe for significant growth opportunities with a reasonable level
of risk whilst maintaining greater flexibility than more mature large
cap companies.

Many of the stocks in the mid-cap universe have been part of
portfolios managed by OC over the past decade in either the
micro-cap or small-cap strategies before they grew and evolved into
larger companies. The stock universe is therefore well known to the
Investment Manager with many index constituents having featured in
the highly successful small and micro-cap funds which are separately
managed by OC.

Significant benefits
Significant benefits of investing in the Fund include:
• The Fund allows access to investment opportunities and
diversification that individual investors usually cannot achieve by
investing directly on their own.
OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 3

OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

3. Benefits of investing in the OC Mid-Cap Fund (continued)
• The Fund allows access to companies with a proven track record
of growth which are listed on the ASX. It also leverages the skillset
of our highly experienced investment team which is focused on
generating strong long-term investment returns.   
• A proven bottom-up approach to active investment management
where the research effort is internally driven and focused on
company visits and intensive fundamental analysis.
• A top-down macro risk overlay including the proven OC Risk
Management Committee adopted across the OC small-cap and
micro-cap funds.
• Flexible cash weightings ranging from 0% - 20%, although the
Fund aims to largely be fully invested.  
• A strong alignment of interests with investors given that the
Investment team members are owners of the Investment
Manager and material investors in the Fund.

• The manager will limit its funds under management to a
maximum of 1% of the S&P/ASX MidCap 50 Index to avoid
compromising investment performance by lack of transactional
flexibility.
• Regular reporting on your investment, including performance
returns against benchmark, key investment decisions and
portfolio strategy.
• Online access to information about your investment through
Copia’s website, and investment education and fund manager
insights, both in document and digital formats, by subscribing
to the monthly email newsletter for the Fund and attending
webinars facilitated by the RE and the Investment Manager.

You should read the important information about the investment strategy of the Fund before making a decision. Go to the ‘How we
invest your money' section of the Additional Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating to
the significant features of the Fund may change between the time when you read this PDS and the day when you acquire the product.

4. Risks of managed investment schemes
There is no assurance that a Fund or its investment portfolio will
achieve its investment objective or will perform well under all market
conditions. The value of investments may go down as well as up,
the level of returns may vary, future returns may differ from past
returns and you may not get back the amount originally invested.
Portfolios may be subject to certain additional risks, which should be
considered carefully along with their investment objectives and fees.
The appropriate level of risk for each investor will vary depending on
a range of factors including age, investment time frames, your other
investments or assets and your risk tolerance.
Past performance is not an indicator of future performance, returns
are not guaranteed and you may lose money on your investment.
There is no guarantee that the investment objective will be achieved,
that you will earn any return on your investment or that your
investment will gain in value or retain its value. The laws affecting
registered managed investment schemes may also change in the
future.
All investments carry risk. Different strategies may carry different
levels of risk, depending on the assets that make up the strategy.
Assets with the highest long-term returns may also carry the highest
level of short-term risk. The significant risks of investing in the Fund
are:
• Small and medium-sized company risks: Securities of smallsized and medium-sized companies tend to be more volatile
and less liquid than securities of large companies. Compared to
large companies, small and medium-sized companies typically
may have analyst coverage by fewer brokerage firms – meaning
they may trade at prices that reflect incomplete or inaccurate
information. Smaller companies may have a shorter history of
operations, less access to financing, and a less diversified product
line – making them more susceptible to market pressures and
more likely to have volatile security prices. During some periods,
securities of small and medium-sized companies, as an asset
class, have underperformed the securities of larger companies.
• Equity Risk: Portfolios that invest in securities listed on a stock
market could be affected by general changes in the stock market.
The value of investments can go down as well as up due to equity
markets movements.
• Interest Rate Risk: As interest rates rise the capital value or
income of a security can be adversely affected.

• Redemption Risk: If market events reduce the liquidity of
a security, the generally applicable timeframe for meeting
redemption requests may not be met. It may take longer
to sell these types of investments at an acceptable price. In
addition, if an investor or group of investors seeks to make large
redemptions, then selling assets to meet those redemptions may
result in a detrimental impact on the price received by the Fund
for those assets. In certain circumstances, the RE may suspend
redemptions to allow sufficient time for the liquidation of assets
to meet redemptions.
• Concentration Risk: The Fund's typical portfolio of holdings of 25
to 50 stocks represent high investment concentration. The lower
the number of stocks, the higher the concentration and, in turn,
the higher the potential volatility.
• Liquidity Risk: The risk that securities that are not actively
traded may not be readily converted to cash without some loss
of capital. The Fund may not be suitable for investors seeking a
short-term investment, who are averse to unit price volatility or
who are unable to sustain a loss of investment capital.
• Compensation fee structure risk: The RE and Investment
Manager may receive compensation based on the performance
of the investments of the Fund. These arrangements may create
an incentive for the IM to make more speculative or higher risk
investments than might otherwise be the case.
• Market risk: The risk that markets may perform poorly and
the returns from the securities in which the Fund invests may
underperform returns from general securities markets. Securities
markets may experience periods of high volatility and reduced
liquidity in response to governmental actions or intervention,
economic or market developments, or other external factors
(including natural disasters, social unrest, war, or pandemics).
The value of a company’s securities may rise or fall in response to
market risks.
• Investment selection risk: The risk that the specific investments
chosen by the Fund will not perform as well as others. Some
factors that may affect the value of a security are specific
company earnings, management changes, competitor behavior,
economic conditions, liquidity, investor sentiment, currency and
commodity price movements, government policy and global
events. There is also the risk that the strategy of selecting growth
stocks may underperform relative to other investment strategies.
• Investment Manager risk: The loss of key personnel can also
materially and negatively impact the value of the Fund.

You should read the important information about the risks of investing in the Fund before making a decision. Go to the ‘Risks of managed
investment schemes’ section of the Additional Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating
to the risks of investing in the Fund may change between the time when you read this PDS and the day when you acquire the product.
4 | OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

5. How we invest your money
Warning: Before choosing to invest in the Fund, you should consider
the likely investment return, the risk, your personal circumstances
and your investment time frame. The RE recommends you consult
a financial adviser for assistance in determining whether the Fund is
appropriate for you.
Description
The Fund is a benchmark-unaware unlisted registered managed
investment scheme governed by the constitution of the Fund. The
Fund will invest in a diversified portfolio of listed mid-cap securities
on the ASX and NZX.
Investment objective
The Fund aims to outperform the benchmark by 2% over rolling
five-year periods after fees and taxes. The Fund’s benchmark is the
S&P/ASX MidCap 50 Accumulation Index. There is no guarantee that
this objective will be achieved.
Investment strategy
The Fund will typically comprise 25-50 Australian stocks, and up to
20% cash. Most holdings will be from the mid-cap benchmark, the
S&P/ASX MidCap 50 Index, which focuses on stocks within the ASX
top 100 companies by market capitalisation but outside the top 50
companies.
The Fund’s investment universe is primarily companies in the S&P/
ASX MidCap 50 Index. Up to 20% of the portfolio may also be
invested in companies in the S&P/ASX 50 Index. Likewise up to 20%
of the portfolio may be invested in liquid, high conviction companies
outside of the S&P/ASX 100 Index.
To achieve the Fund’s objective, the investment team undertakes
detailed fundamental analysis to identify securities trading below
their intrinsic value that have sound investment fundamentals and
the potential for strong long-term investment returns. In addition,
from time to time, the Fund may invest in a small number of shorter
term event driven or macro thematic positions from within the
universe.

Investment universe
The Fund typically invests within the following guidelines:
• Equity securities listed or about to be listed;
• Rights, warrants, convertible securities, subordinated notes and
preferred stock if issued by companies whose common stock
would be properly held in the Fund;
• Cash and cash equivalents; and
• Options (listed and unlisted) of securities held in the portfolio.
Strategic asset allocation
The Fund typically invests within the following guidelines:
Australian listed securities

0 - 100%

Cash

0 - 20%

Unlisted securities

0%

New Zealand listed securities

0 - 10%

Maximum ownership of any company

7.5%

Borrowing
The Fund will not borrow.
Investment timeframe
Five years plus investment period. This is a guide only, not a
recommendation.
Risk level
High – the likelihood of your investment going down in the short
term is relatively high compared to investments in funds investing in
other types of assets such as held to maturity fixed interest or cash.
See ‘Risks of managed investment schemes’.
Fund performance

Suitability

The Fund's performance will be available on the website here.

The Fund is suitable for a range of investors, including:

Labour and environmental, social or ethical considerations

• Investors seeking a diversified exposure to quality Australian
listed small and mid-cap companies
• Those looking to complement their direct large-cap Australian
equity holdings or large-cap Australian equity managed funds
• Investors seeking an active investment management approach
• Those with an investment horizon of five years or more

While the RE does not take ESG considerations into account in
making investment decisions, the Investment Manager may at its
discretion take these factors into acount in its decision making
process to the extent the Investment Manager believes they are
relevant to the financial performance of the investment. The
Investment Manager does not have a predetermined view on ESG
considerations.

Refer to the TMD available at www.copiapartners.com.au/target-marketdeterminations for further information about the classes of investors
whose objectives, financial situation and needs are likely to align
with the Fund’s key attributes.

Changes to Fund details
Subject to law and the constitution, the RE has the right to make
changes to the Fund at any time and in some cases without giving
prior notice. These changes may include but are not limited to, closing
the Fund to new investors, terminating the Fund and changing the Fund's
investment objective or investment strategy. We will inform investors of
any material changes to the Fund in accordance with the law.

You should read the important information about how we invest your money, before making a decision. Go to the ‘How we invest your
money’ section of the Additional Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating to how we
invest your money may change between the time when you read this PDS and the day when you acquire the product.
OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 5

OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

6 Fees and costs
Did You Know?
Small differences in both investment performance and fees and costs can have a substantial impact on your long-term returns. For example,
total annual fees and costs of 2% of your account balance rather than 1% could reduce your final return by up to 20% over a 30-year period
(for example, reduce it from $100,000 to $80,000). You should consider whether features such as superior investment performance or the
provision of better member services justify higher fees and costs. You may be able to negotiate to pay lower fees. Ask the Fund or your
financial adviser.
To Find Out More
If you would like to find out more, or see the impact of the fees based on your own circumstances, the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission (ASIC) Moneysmart website (www.moneysmart.gov.au) has a managed funds fee calculator to help you check out different fee options.
This section shows fees and other costs you may be charged. These fees and costs may be deducted from your money, from the returns on your
investment or from the assets of the managed investment scheme as a whole. Taxes are set out in another part of this document. You should
read all the information about fees and costs because it is important to understand their impact on your investment. The information in the Fees
and Costs Summary can be used to compare costs between simple managed investment schemes.

Fees and Costs Summary
Type of fee or cost

Amount

How and when paid

Ongoing annual fees and costs5
Management fees and costs1,2
The fees and costs for managing
your investment.

Performance fees1,3
Amounts deducted from your
investment in relation to the
performance of the product.
Transaction costs4
The costs incurred by the scheme
when buying or selling assets.

0.85% p.a. of the NAV
of the Fund.

The management fee is calculated on the net asset value of the Fund. It
is reflected in the daily unit price and payable monthly in arrears from
the Fund.
Indirect costs (if any) are deducted from the Fund’s assets, accrued daily
in the NAV and paid as and when due.

Estimated to be 0.53%
of the NAV of the Fund

A performance fee of 15.375% is accrued daily on any excess
performance (after deducting the management fee) above the
Benchmark within a performance period. Any accrued performance
fee will become payable if the Fund’s return is positive (above the High
Water Mark) at the end of the performance period. If the Fund's return
is negative (below the High Water Mark), any performance fee accrual
will continue to be carried forward.

Transaction costs are
estimated to amount to
0.38% of the NAV of the
Fund.

Transaction costs associated with dealing with the Fund’s assets may
be recovered from the Fund and reflected in the unit price. As some
transaction costs will be paid for by investors who are charged the buy/
sell spread when they enter or exit the Fund, the transaction costs are
shown net of the buy/sell spread.

Member activity related fees and costs (fees for services or when your money moves in or out of the scheme)
Establishment fee
The fee to open your investment.

Nil

Not applicable

Contribution fee
The fee on each amount
contributed to your investment.

Nil

Not applicable

Buy/sell spread
An amount deducted from your
investment representing cost
incurred in transactions by the
scheme.

+0.25% of the
investment amount.
-0.25% of the
withdrawal amount.

Charged and paid into the Fund when you invest in, or withdraw from,
the Fund. The spread is reflected in the application and withdrawal unit
prices and is not charged separately.

Withdrawal fee
The fee on each amount you take
out of your investment.

Nil

Not applicable

Exit fee
The fee to close your account.

Nil

Not applicable

Switching Fee
The fee for changing investment
options.

Nil

Not applicable

1 Fees are inclusive of GST and net of any applicable Reduced Input Tax Credits (‘RITC').
2 The Fund’s indirect costs form part of management fees and costs and are estimated to be 0% which is based on the costs incurred for the 12 months to 30 June 2024, as a percentage
of the average net asset value of the Fund during that period.
3 As the Fund has been in operation for less than five years, performance fees represent the average of the performance fees charged by the Fund since inception and which reasonably
represent what a typical performance fee may be in any given financial year. However, the actual performance fee payable (if any) will depend on the performance of the Fund and the
performance fees estimate provided may not be a reliable indicator of future performance fees.
4Transaction costs estimate is based on the estimated transactional and operational costs incurred for the 12 months to 30 June 2024 (including brokerage) net of the buy/sell spread.
Using this approach transaction costs are partially recouped via the buy/sell spread on applications and redemptions, to give a net result.
5 For certain wholesale clients (as defined in the Corporations Act), the RE may at its discretion and in accordance with ASIC policy and the Corporations Act, negotiate, rebate or waive all
or part of the RE's fees. See ‘Differential fees” within the “Additional explanation of fees and costs” section of the AI for further information.

6 | OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

6. Fees and costs (continued)
Example of annual fees and costs for the Fund
This table gives an example of how the ongoing annual fees and costs for the Fund can affect your investment over a 1-year period. You
should use this table to compare this product with other products offered by managed investment schemes.
Example  - OC Mid-Cap Fund

Amount

Balance of $50,000 with a contribution of $5,000 during the year

Contribution fees

Nil

For every additional $5,000 you put in, you will be charged $0.

PLUS Management fees and costs

0.85%

And, for every $50,000 you have in the Fund you will be charged or have
deducted from your investment $425 each year

PLUS Performance fees

0.53%

And, you will be charged or have deducted from your investment $265 in
performance fees each year

PLUS Transaction costs

0.38%

And, you will be charged or have deducted from your investment $191
in transactions costs

EQUALS Cost of Fund

If you had an investment of $50,000 at the beginning of the year and
put in additional $5,000 during that year, you would be charged fees
and costs of:
$8811,2
What it costs you will depend on the investment option you choose
and the fees you negotiate.

1 – this example assumes the additional $5,000 contribution occurs at the end of the first year.
2 – additional fees and costs may apply. This example does not include all fees and costs that may be applicable to you such as a buy/sell spread, government fees, duties and bank
charges may also apply to investments and withdrawals. Additional fees may be paid to a financial adviser if a financial adviser is consulted. You should refer to the Statement of
Advice provided by the financial adviser in which the details of the fees are set out.

Additional explanation of fees and costs
ASIC provides a calculator, available at moneysmart.gov.au, which can be used to calculate the effect of fees and costs on account balances.

Fee changes
Fees and costs can change at any time in accordance with the Fund’s constitution. If fees payable to the RE increase, the RE will give investors
not less than 30 days’ notice before the change occurs. Other costs such as the buy/sell spread may change at any time without prior notice
to you. Expense recoveries may be different to those estimated in this PDS.
Warning: You should read the important information about fees and costs before making a decision. Go to the ‘Fees and other costs’
section of the Additional Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating to fees and costs may
change between the time when you read this PDS and the day when you acquire the product.

7. How managed investment schemes are taxed
Warning: Investing in a registered managed investment scheme is likely to have tax consequences and we strongly advise that you
seek professional tax advice before investing in the Fund, as tax laws are complex and subject to change, and unitholders' individual
circumstances vary.
The RE has resolved that the Fund will elect to become an Attribution
Managed Investment Trust (AMIT) commencing from the 2024
financial year. Such an election is irrevocable. It is intended that
all determined trust components (i.e. assessable income, exempt
income, non-assessable non-exempt income and tax offsets) will be
attributed to investors each year so that the Fund itself is not subject
to tax. The Fund does not pay tax on behalf of resident investors. As
an investor you will include your attributed share of the Fund's net
(taxable) income, including any net capital gains, in your assessable
income. The amount attributed to an investor will be disclosed on
an AMIT Member Annual (AMMA) statement that will be issued
following the end of the financial year.
In summary, when investing in the Fund, investors should note the
following general concepts:

• Registered managed investment schemes do not as a general rule
pay tax on behalf of resident investors
• Net (taxable) income and realised net capital gains generated by
the Fund are typically fully distributed to investors who in turn
may be subject to tax on allocation of the Fund’s net taxable
income. The extent to which an investor is taxed will be based
on their individual circumstances (e.g. resident/non-resident
investor, trust/ SMSF/ company/ individual investor etc.)
• The Fund may allocate an investors’ share of any tax offsets (e.g.
franking credits or foreign income tax offsets) received during the
year, and
• Investors may be liable for tax on capital gains realised on the sale
of units in the Fund, either by withdrawal, switch or transfer.
This is only a brief summary of the taxation information which is
general in nature and only relates to Australian residents. It does not
constitute personal advice. You should consult your own advisers for
your particular circumstances.

You should read the important information about taxation before making a decision. Go to the ‘Taxation’ section of the Additional Information
available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating to taxation may change between the time when you read this PDS
and the day when you acquire the product.
OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 7

OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

8. How to apply
Direct investors are invited to apply to invest in the Fund at any time
using the application form available from our website or via online
applications “Invest Now”. As part of the application process, we
are required by law to verify your identity before accepting your
application. We are unable to process incomplete applications. If we
do not receive all of the information and documents required under
AML/CTF Laws, we will hold your investment amount until we have
received all information.

Application process
Direct investors can invest in the Fund by following these easy steps:
•
•

•

in the Fund during which time they may cancel their investment by
notifying the RE in writing or electronically. This cooling-off period
will commence from the earlier of the:
•
•

investor’s receipt of confirmation of their investment, and
end of the fifth business day after the issue of units to the
investor.

If an investor cancels their investment during this period, the
amount repaid to them is adjusted to allow for market movements,
reasonable administration and transaction costs and any relevant
taxes or duties.

Read this PDS, AI and the Fund's TMD, which are all available on This may result in an investor receiving back less than they originally
our website (www.ocfunds.com.au/mid-cap-fund) or in hard copy invested. The investor may have capital gain/loss tax implications
on request.
if they happen to receive more or less back than they originally
Complete and submit the online application form accompanying invested.
this PDS at OC Mid-Cap Fund Online Application. Paper
application forms are available on request and should be
If the investor wishes to cancel their investment during the cooling
returned to unit registry at GPO Box 3993 Sydney NSW 2001 or as off period, they will need to inform the responsible entity in writing
directed on the application form.
of their intention to exercise this right before the end of the coolingMaking an additional investment. See the section ‘Additional
off period (and before exercising any rights or powers the investor
investments’ for further information. Additional application forms has in respect of their investment in the Fund).
are available on the website or by calling Copia on 1800 442 129.
Alternatively, additional investments can be submitted online by Investments made through the distribution reinvestment plan are
clicking “Invest Online” and quoting an existing investor number. not subject to the cooling-off provisions. Indirect investors should
See the section ‘Making additional investments’ for further
contact the operator of their platforms about any right to cooling off.
information.

Platform operators offer another way to access the Fund. Indirect
investors must complete the documentation which the platform
operator require and can contact the relevant platform operator
directly with any enquiries.

Cooling-off period
Investors who are retail clients (as defined in the Corporations Act)
have a 14-day cooling-off period after making an application for units

Enquiries & Complaints

If you have invested via a platform and have a question or a
concern, you should first contact the platform through which you
invested in the Fund. The platform will handle your complaint
in accordance with its complaint handling procedures and may,
in accordance with those procedures, refer the complaint to us.
However, our complaints process is available to indirect investors
who may wish to contact us.

You should read the important information about how to apply before making a decision. Go to the ‘How to apply’ section of the Additional
Information available at www.copiapartners.com.au/about-us. The material relating to taxation may change between the time when you
read this PDS and the day when you acquire the product.

Complaints procedure
The RE has arrangements in place to consider and will respond to complaints within 30 calendar days of receipt. If you have a complaint,
you may contact us by email, telephone or in writing as follows:
The Complaints Officer
Copia Investment Partners Ltd
Level 47, North Tower, 80 Collins Street
Melbourne Vic 3000

Email
clientservices@copiapartners.com.au
Freecall 1800 442 129 (inside Australia only)
Phone +61 3 9602 3199

If an issue has not been resolved to your satisfaction, you may be able to lodge a complaint with the Australian Financial Complaints
Authority (AFCA). AFCA is an independent external dispute resolution body. AFCA’s contact details are:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority Limited
Phone 1800 931 678
Website afca.org.au

Email
Mail

info@afca.org.au
GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001

In partnership with
8 | OC Mid-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

