OC Micro-Cap Fund
Product Disclosure Statement | Date of issue 2 December 2024

Contents
1.

About Copia

2.

How the Fund works

3.

Benefits of investing in the Fund

4.

Risks of managed investment schemes

5.

How we invest your money

6.

Fees and costs

7.

How managed investment schemes are taxed

8.

How to apply

9.

Other information

This Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) is issued by Copia Investment
Partners Ltd (ABN 22 092 872 056, AFSL 229316) (Copia, we, our or us),
as the responsible entity (RE) of the OC Micro-Cap Fund (ARSN 126 537
424, APIR OPS0004AU) (Fund).
This PDS provides a summary of significant information about the
OC Micro-Cap Fund together with references to additional important
information about the Fund available at ocfunds.com.au (the website)
or by contacting Copia on 1800 442 129 or via email at
clientservices@copiapartners.com.au.
References to additional information are highlighted with an asterisk
(*). It is important that you read this PDS and the additional information
(which forms part of this PDS) before making a decision about the Fund.
The information in this PDS is general information only and does not
take into account your personal financial situation or needs. You should
obtain financial advice tailored to your personal circumstances.
Information in this PDS may change. Any update to information that
is not material will be provided at ocfunds.com.au. Please check the
website or contact Copia or your financial adviser for any updates prior
to investing. A paper copy of any update will be provided free of charge
on request.

1. About Copia
Copia holds Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) number 229316
and is the RE of the OC Micro-Cap Fund. Its role includes holding Fund
assets on trust for investors and investing assets in accordance with the
Fund’s constitution (constitution) and any applicable laws. As RE, Copia’s
responsibilities and obligations are governed by the Fund’s constitution,
the Corporations Act 2001 and general trust law.

Contact us
Head office
Copia Investment Partners
Level 47, North Tower, 80 Collins Street
Melbourne Vic 3000
P
E

1800 442 129 (free call)
clientservices@copiapartners.com.au

copiapartners.com.au

V1 0922

Copia has appointed OC Microcap Pty Ltd (OC or the IM) as the
investment manager of the Fund.

About the investment manager
OC Microcap Pty Ltd (ABN 12 138 824 300) is a boutique micro-cap
Australian equities manager.
Led by Robert Frost, the long-standing and well-resourced team
comprises four specialist small and micro-cap investors who together
combine over 40 years of investment management experience.

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 1

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

2. How the Fund works
The Fund is a managed investment scheme in which funds
subscribed by individual investors are pooled to buy assets
on behalf of all investors in the Fund. Assets are selected and
managed by a professional investment management team
(*refer to the website, the link to this is accessible on page 1).

Investments and withdrawals

The Fund is established under a constitution, which sets out
your rights, as well as the powers and responsibilities of Copia.
You can obtain a free copy of the constitution by contacting us.

Initial investment
Additional investment
Withdrawals
Switches
Minimum account balance

Investors are issued units which entitle them to a
proportionate interest in the income and assets of the Fund.
Investors do not have an entitlement to any particular asset of
the Fund. The Fund’s assets are valued in accordance with the
Fund’s constitution based on market values. Unit prices will
vary as the market value of the Fund’s assets rises and falls.
A unit price is calculated each business day by dividing the
Fund’s net asset value (NAV) by the number of units on
issue. An allowance for transaction costs incurred in buying
and selling Fund assets may be added to or subtracted from
the Fund’s unit price to determine an application price and
a withdrawal price. The difference between the application
price and the withdrawal price is known as the buy/sell spread
(see ‘Fees and costs’ for more information).

You can make investments and withdrawals at any time based
on the following requirements (which we may change at our
discretion):
$5,000
$1,000
$1,000
$1,000
$5,000

Copia is entitled to retain any interest earned on the application
money before it is paid into the Fund.

Making a withdrawal from the Fund
You can withdraw all or part of your investment by completing

a Withdrawal Request Form and returning it to us via post,
fax or mail. A Withdrawal Request Form can be obtained by
contacting Copia.

We must receive withdrawal requests by 2pm Melbourne time
for same-day processing. If we receive a withdrawal request
after 2pm, we will generally treat it as being received on the
following business day. We usually pay withdrawal proceeds
When you invest in the Fund, you will be issued a number of
directly to your nominated bank account within five business
units calculated by reference to the applicable unit application days of receiving a withdrawal request.
price.
When you withdraw from the Fund, your units will be
withdrawn at the applicable unit withdrawal price.
The most recent unit prices are available on the website, and
the link to this is accessible on page 1.

Making an investment in the Fund
To invest in the Fund, complete the form at the back of this
PDS titled OC Micro-Cap Fund Application Form. See ‘How to
apply’ for more information. You can add to your investment
at any time by sending us a new application form with your
investment amount or by filling in an Additional Investment
Form which you can obtain by contacting us.
Applications can be made between 9am and 5pm on any
business day. However, for unit pricing purposes, any
applications we receive after 2pm Melbourne time, on a
business day, we will generally treat as though we received
them on the following business day. You can make payment
by bank cheque or make a personal cheque, see the OC MicroCap Fund Application Form for more information.
Cheques must clear before we issue units. Copia reserves the
right to reject an application.
A copy of the OC Micro-Cap Fund Application Form is attached
to this document. Additional application forms are available
on the website or by calling Copia on 1800 442 129.

2 | OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

Restrictions on withdrawals

We may suspend withdrawals for a period of 60 days from the
day on which units would have been withdrawn.
Where we consider it desirable for the protection of the Fund
or in the best interests of investors, we may suspend the
withdrawal of units in the Fund for the duration of an event or
circumstance where the pricing of the underlying assets of the
Fund is not possible.

Transfers and switching
You can also transfer your units in the Fund to another person
or switch from the Fund to other funds operated by Copia.
Contact Copia on 1800 442 129 for more information and to
obtain the relevant forms.
Copia does not charge a fee for switching between funds.
However, you may incur a cost in switching between funds
through the buy/sell spread process (see ‘Buy/sell spread’
explanation).

Income distribution
The Fund may earn income such as dividends and interest,
as well as net realised capital gains, on the sale of underlying
assets. Fund income is distributed every year.
Net income and realised capital gains generated by the Fund
are distributed to investors yearly, usually within two months

2. How the Fund works (continued)
following the end of 30 June. The Fund’s unit price will generally
fall following the end of a distribution period reflecting the
amount of income and capital gains paid out to unitholders by
the Fund.

choice, we will automatically reinvest any distributions on your
behalf into the Fund. We will distribute any franking credits or
foreign tax credits generated during the period with the 30 June
payments.

The distribution amount will vary between distribution periods
due to market conditions and investment performance and is
not guaranteed.

Platform investors

If you are investing through a master trust, wrap account or
other investor-directed portfolio-type service (collectively
Subject to the terms of the Fund constitution, there may be
referred to as a ‘platform’), then it is important to understand
times when a distribution is not made by the Fund and times
that generally it is the platform that becomes the investor in
when a ‘special’ distribution is paid outside of usual distribution the Fund, not you. It follows that the platform has the rights of
periods. Distributions must be made to unitholders of the Fund an investor and we recognise it alone can exercise them. If you
pro-rata to the proportion each unitholder holds in the total
invest through a platform, you may also be subject to different
number of units on issue in the Fund. We may pay distributions conditions from those outlined in this PDS (such as procedures
via a non-negotiable cheque, deposit them directly into a bank for making investments and withdrawals, cooling-off periods,
account or reinvest as additional units.
cut-off times for transacting and additional fees and costs).
Copia is not responsible for the operation of any platform. If you
Units issued on reinvestment of a distribution are issued at the invest through a platform, in addition to reading this PDS, you
unit price at the start of business on the first business day of the should read the document that explains the platform service.
new distribution period.
We ask unitholders to nominate their preferred method of
distribution on the Application Form. If you do not make a

3. Benefits of investing in the Fund
Dynamic yet under-researched, the micro-cap stock universe
can offer compelling investment opportunities with exposure
to Australian and New Zealand companies that are listed or
unlisted (expected to be listed within six months). Significant
benefits include:
•
•
•

•

•
The Fund allows access to investment opportunities and
•
diversification that individual investors usually cannot
achieve.
Access to our highly experienced investment team focussed •
on generating strong returns.
A proven bottom-up approach to active investment

management where the research effort is internally driven
and focussed on company visits and industry analysis.
An emphasis on risk management where we screen out
complex or speculative businesses from our investment
process.
Flexible cash weightings of up to 20%.
Strong alignment of interests with clients, the managers are
owners of the business and investors in the Fund, providing
strong investment performance incentive.
A limit on the total amount of funds under management
to avoid compromising investment performance by lack of
transactional flexibility.

4. Risks of managed investment schemes
All investments carry risk. Different strategies may carry
different levels of risk, depending on the assets that make up
the strategy. Assets with the highest long-term returns may also
carry the highest level of short-term risk. The significant risks of
investing in the Fund are:
Market risk: the risk of decline across a whole asset class (e.g.
the share market) due to economic factors, technological
change, political or geopolitical events, changing legal
conditions or changing market sentiment.
Investment selection risk: the risk that the specific investments
OC chooses for the Fund will not perform as well as others.
Some factors that may affect the value of a security are
specific company earnings, management changes, competitor
behaviour, economic conditions, liquidity, investor sentiment,
currency and commodity price movements, government policy
and global events.

Interest rate risk: the risk that changes in interest rates can
have a negative impact directly or indirectly on investment
value or returns. For example, if rates rise, a company’s
borrowing costs can increase, causing its profits to decline.
Liquidity risk: the risk that securities that are not actively
traded may not be readily converted to cash without some loss
of capital.
The Fund may not be suitable for investors seeking a short-term
investment, who are averse to unit price volatility or who are
unable to sustain a loss of investment capital.
Regulatory risk: all investments carry the risk that their value
may be affected by changes in laws, particularly taxation laws.
Compensation fee structure risk: the RE and IM may receive
compensation based on the performance of the investments of
the Fund. These arrangements may create an incentive for the
OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 3

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

4. Risks of managed investment schemes (continued)
IM to make more speculative or higher risk investments than
might otherwise be the case.

•

Concentration risk: the Fund's typical portfolio holdings of 25 to •
60 stocks represents high investment concentration. The lower
the number of stocks, the higher the concentration and, in turn, •
the higher the potential volatility.
General risk: it is important that you carefully consider the risks
of investing in the Fund and that you understand:
• the value of investments will vary over time
• the level of returns will vary and future returns may differ

from past returns
returns are not guaranteed and you may lose some, or all,
of your capital
laws affecting registered managed investment schemes
may change in the future, and
the level of risk for each investor will vary depending on a
range of factors including:
◦ age
◦ investment time frames
◦ where other parts of your wealth is invested, and
◦ your risk tolerance.

5. How we invest your money
The Fund offers one investment option. The following information provides an overview of the Fund’s return objective and investment
strategy in respect of that option. You should consider the likely investment return and risk of the Fund and your investment time
frame when deciding whether to invest in the Fund. The investment option will not change during the life of this PDS.
Description

Investment
objective

Investment
strategy

The OC Micro-Cap Fund is a long-only,
benchmark-unaware managed investment
scheme with a target investment universe
of securities listed, or about to list, on the
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) or
the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX).
The Fund aims to provide investors
with strong long-term capital growth
by investing in micro-capitalisation
(micro-cap) companies with sustainable
business models and attractive investment
qualities. Micro-cap companies, for the
purposes of the Fund, are defined as
companies with a market capitalisation of
less than $500m at the time of the initial
acquisition.
The Fund aims to provide a total return
(after fees and expenses) of 5% plus
in excess of the S&P/ASX Emerging
Companies Accumulation Index over a
rolling five-year period.
The Fund’s investment universe is
focussed on companies outside of the
S&P/ASX 300 Index, which are often under
the radar of professional investors and
analysts and therefore under-researched.
This can lead to mispricing opportunities,
which the Fund is seeking to exploit.
OC undertakes detailed fundamental
analysis to allow the team to identify
securities trading below their intrinsic
value and that have sound investment
fundamentals providing the potential
for strong long-term investment returns.
OC will also invest in a small number
of quality concept stocks, which have
robust business models and a pathway to
profitability within five years.
The investment strategy will follow a
similar investment philosophy and process

4 | OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

Investment
strategy
(continued)

Strategic asset
allocation

to that used in the OC Premium Small
Companies Fund and the OC Dynamic Equity
Fund with small adjustments to account for
the different characteristics of micro-cap
stocks (i.e. higher risk/ return profiles).
The Fund typically invests within the
following guidelines:
Australian listed securities

70 - 100%

(including hybrid securities such as convertible
notes, redeemable preference shares and partly paid
shares)

Cash
0 - 20%
Listed securities included in the
0 - 20%
S&P/ASX 300 Index
#
Unlisted securities
0 - 10%
Foreign listed securities*
0 - 10%
Maximum ownership of any company 7.5%
Maximum absolute stock position 8%

The Fund will not buy or write third party derivatives.
#
The value of unlisted securities is calculated using
the lower of cost and fair value for the purpose of
determining exposure guidelines.*Foreign listed means
NZX listed securities unless a pre-IPO investment lists
on another foreign exchange.

Investment
time frame
Risk level

Fund
performance
Other
investment
considerations
Other
information

Five-year plus investment period. This is a
guide only, not a recommendation.
High – the likelihood of your investment
going down in the sort term is relatively
high compared to investments in funds
investing in other types of assets such
as fixed interest or cash. See ‘Risks of
managed investment schemes’.
The Fund's performance is available
on the website, and the link to this is
accessible on page 1.
Labour standards and environmental,
social and ethical considerations are taken
into account when making investment
decisions for the Fund.
For up-to-date information about the
Fund’s investment strategy, performance
and unit prices, visit the website.

6. Fees and other costs
Did you know?
Small differences in both investment performance and fees and costs can have a substantial impact on your long-term
returns. For example, total annual fees and costs of 2% of your investment balance rather than 1% could reduce your final
return by up to 20% over a 30-year period (for example, reduce it from $100,000 to $80,000). You should consider whether
features such as superior investment performance or the provision of better member services justify higher fees and costs.
You may be able to negotiate to pay lower fees. Ask the Fund or your financial adviser.

To find out more
If you would like to find out more, or see the impact of the fees based on your own circumstances, the Australian Securities
and Investments Commission (ASIC) Moneysmart website (www.moneysmart.gov.au) has a managed funds fee calculator
to help you check out different fee options.
This section shows fees and other costs you may be charged. These fees and costs may be deducted from your money, from the returns
on your investment or from the assets of the managed investment scheme as a whole. Taxes are set out in another part of this document.
You should read all the information about fees and costs because it is important to understand their impact on your investment.

Fees and Costs Summary | OC Micro-Cap Fund
Type of fee or cost
Ongoing annual fees and costs
Management fees and costs1,2
The fees and costs for managing
your investment.

Amount

How and when paid

1.20% p.a. of the Net
Asset Value of the
Fund.

Performance fees1,3
Amounts deducted from your
investment in relation to the
performance of the product.

Estimated to be
0.40% of the Net
Asset Value of the
Fund.

Transaction Costs4
The costs incurred by the scheme
when buying or selling assets.

Transaction costs
are estimated to
amount to 0.20% of
the Net Asset Value
of the Fund.

The management fee is calculated on the net asset value of the
Fund. It is reflected in the daily unit price and payable monthly in
arrears from the Fund.
A performance fee of 20.5% is payable quarterly on any excess
performance (after deducting management fee) above the benchmark
within a performance fee period, subject to a high-water mark. The
performance fee is calculated and accrued each Business Day and
is reflected in the daily unit price. The performance fee is payable
quarterly on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September or 31 December.
Transaction costs associated with dealing with the Fund’s assets
may be recovered from the Fund. As some transaction costs will be
paid for by investors who are charged the buy/sell spread when they
enter or exit the Fund, the transaction costs are shown net of the
buy/sell spread.

Member activity related fees and costs (fees for services or when your money moves in or out of the scheme)
Establishment fee - The fee to
Nil
Not applicable
open your investment.
Contribution fee - The fee on
each amount contributed to your
Nil
Not applicable
investment.
Buy/sell spread - An amount
+0.30% of the
Charged and paid into the Fund when you invest in, or withdraw
deducted from your investment
investment amount.
from, the Fund. The spread is reflected in the application and
representing cost incurred in
-0.30% of the
withdrawal prices.
transactions by the scheme.
withdrawal amount.
Withdrawal fee - The fee on each
amount you take out of your
Nil
Not applicable
investment.
Exit fee - The fee to close your
Nil
Not applicable
account.
Switching Fee - The fee for
Nil
Not applicable
changing investment options.
Fees are inclusive of GST and net of any applicable Reduced Input Tax Credits (‘RITC). 2 The Fund’s indirect costs form part of management fees and costs
and are estimated to be 0.00% which is based on the costs incurred for the 12 months to 30 June 2024, as a percentage of the average net asset value of the
Fund during that period. 3 Performance fees represent the average of the performance fees charged by the Fund over the past five financial years and which
reasonably represent what a typical performance fee may be in any given financial year. However, the actual performance fee payable (if any) will depend
on the performance of the Fund and the performance fees estimate provided may not be a reliable indicator of future performance fees. 4Transaction costs
estimate is based on the transactional and operational costs incurred for the 12 months to 30 June 2024 (including brokerage) net of the buy/sell spread. Using
this approach, transaction costs are estimated to be 0.34% of the NAV of the Fund of which approximately 0.14% was recouped via the buy/sell spread on
applications and redemptions to give a net result of 0.20%.
1

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 5

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

6. Fees and other costs (continued)
Management fee

performance fee accrual will continue to be carried forward.

This is the fee we charge for managing the investments, overseeing
the Fund’s operations and providing access to the Fund. The
management fee is calculated daily as a percentage of the NAV of
the Fund and payable monthly in arrears.

Performance benchmark

Normal operating expenses

Performance period

The performance benchmark is the return of the S&P/ASX Emerging
Companies Accumulation Index.

We currently pay the normal operating expenses of the Fund from The period from the prior fee being payable to 31 March, 30 June, 30
our management fee and do not recover these from the Fund. September or 31 December.

Abnormal expenses

High Water Mark

We may recover abnormal expenses (such as costs of investor
meetings, changes to the Fund’s constitution and defending or
pursuing legal proceedings) from the Fund. The management costs
set out above do not include any abnormal expenses. While it is not
possible to estimate such expenses with certainty, we anticipate
the events that give rise to such expenses will not occur regularly.
In circumstances where such events occur, we may decide not to
recover these abnormal expenses from the Fund.

The High Water Mark is the NAV per unit the last time a performance
fee was paid, adjusting for any subsequent distributions.

Transactional costs and buy/sell spread
The buy/sell spread forms part of the transactional cost calculation
and may include, but is not limited to, brokerage, share/unit
settlement and clearing fees, bank charges, foreign exchange
transaction fees, stamp duty, government taxes or charges and any
other direct or indirect transaction costs. The purpose of the buy/sell
spread is to ensure that existing investors are not adversely impacted
by those investors transacting in the fund units at a particular time
and that transacting investors bear the Fund’s costs of buying and
selling the Fund’s assets as a consequence of their transaction.

Performance fee example
Scenario 1: assuming an investment of $50,000, a Fund return of
10% (after deducting fees and expenses) since the last performance
fee was paid and a benchmark return of 7%, the performance fee is
equal to 20.5% of the excess performance, calculated as follows:
20.5% x (10%-7%) x $50,000 = performance fee of $307.50
In this case, the performance fee will be payable.
Scenario 2: assuming an investment of $50,000, a Fund return of
-1% (after deducting fees and expenses) since the last performance
fee was paid and a benchmark return of -3%, the performance fee is
equal to 20.5% of the excess performance, calculated as follows:
20.5% x (-1%-(-3%)) x $50,000 = performance fee of $205.00

The buy/sell spread for the Fund is stated as a percentage of the
NAV of the Fund and is the difference between the application/
redemption price and the NAV. It reflects an estimate of the
transaction costs expected to be incurred in buying and selling the
Fund’s assets as a result of investments and withdrawals made by
investors. This estimate may take into account factors such as, but
not limited to, historical transaction costs and anticipated levels of
investments and withdrawals.

In this case, the performance fee will not be payable as the Fund’s
return is not positive. The dollar amount would be carried forward
into the calculation of any subsequent performance fee until the
Fund return is positive. If the Fund underperforms the market before
the fee becomes payable, the accrued fee will be written back to the
Fund until the accrued amount is zero.

The current buy/sell spread of the Fund is +0.30%/–0.30%, however
a different buy/sell spread may apply if the estimate changes.

Fees and costs can change at any time in accordance with the Fund’s
constitution. If fees and charges payable to the RE increase, the RE
will give investors not less than 30 days notice before the change
occurs.

The RE has discretion to waive or reduce the buy/sell spread
on investments or withdrawals to the extent permitted by the
Corporations Act. The RE will notify investors of any changes to buy/
sell spread transaction costs on its website.

Performance fee
A performance fee of 20.5% is accrued daily on any excess
performance (after deducting the management fee) above the
performance benchmark within a performance period. Any accrued
performance fee will become payable if the Fund’s return is positive
(above High Water Mark) at the end of the performance period.
If the Fund's return is negative (below High Water Mark), any
6 | OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

Fee changes

Other costs such as the buy/sell spread may change at any time
without prior notice to you. Expense recoveries may be different to
those estimated in this PDS.

Fee calculators
ASIC provides a fee calculator on its MoneySmart website (www.
moneysmart.com.au) which can be used to calculate the effect of
fees and costs on your investment in the Fund.

6. Fees and costs (continued)
Example of annual fees and costs
This table gives an example of how the ongoing annual fees and costs for this product can affect your investment over a 1-year
period. You should use this table to compare this product with other products offered by managed investment schemes.
Example

Amount

Balance of $50,000 with a contribution of $5,000 during the year

Contribution fees

Nil

For every additional $5,000 you put in, you will be charged $0

PLUS Management fees
and costs

1.20%

And, for every $50,000 you have in the Fund you will be charged or have deducted
from your investment $600 each year

PLUS Performance fees

0.40%

And, you will be charged or have deducted from your investment $201 in
performance fees each year

PLUS Transaction costs

0.20%

And, you will be charged or have deducted from your investment $100 in transactions
costs

EQUALS Cost of Fund

If you had an investment of $50,000 at the beginning of the year and put in additional $5,000
during that year, you would be charged fees and costs of:

$902*
What it costs you will depend on the investment option you choose and the fees
you negotiate.

1 – this example assumes the additional $5,000 contribution occurs at the end of the first year.
2 – additional fees and costs may apply. This example does not include all fees and costs that may be applicable to you such as a buy/sell spread, government fees, duties and bank
charges may also apply to investments and withdrawals. Additional fees may be paid to a financial adviser if a financial adviser is consulted. You should refer to the Statement of Advice
provided by the financial adviser in which the details of the fees are set out.

7. How managed investment schemes are taxed

Warning: Investing in a managed investment scheme is likely to have tax consequences and we strongly advise that you seek
professional tax advice before investing in the Fund.
The Fund elected to become an Attribution Managed
Investment Trust (AMIT) commencing from the 2018 financial
year. It is intended that all determined trust components (i.e.
assessable income, exempt income and non-assessable nonexempt income) will be attributed to members each year so that
the Fund itself is not subject to tax. The Fund does not pay tax
on behalf of investors. As an investor you will be assessed for tax
on your attributed share of the Fund's taxable income, including
any net capital gains. The amount attributed to an investor will
be disclosed on an AMIT Member Annual (AMMA) statement
that will be issued following the end of the financial year.
In summary, when investing in the Fund, investors should note:
• managed investment schemes do not pay tax on behalf of
investors

•

•
•

net income and realised net capital gains generated by the
Fund are typically fully distributed to investors who are
in turn assessed for tax on their share of the distribution
based on their individual circumstances
the Fund will pass through investors’ share of any
imputation or tax credits received during the year, and
investors may be liable for tax on capital gains realised on
the sale of units in the Fund, either by withdrawal, switch
or transfer.

This is only a brief summary of the taxation information which
is general in nature and only relates to Australian residents. It
does not constitute personal advice. You should consult your
own advisers for your particular circumstances.

8. How to apply
Application Process
To make your investment, complete the OC Micro-Cap Fund
Application Form attached to this PDS (application forms
are also available at https://www.ocfunds.com.au/contact/
faq/#investing or on request from Copia) and send your
application money to us in accordance with the instructions on
the form.
As part of the application process, we are required by law to
verify your identity before accepting your application. We are

unable to process incomplete applications. If we do not receive
all of the information and documents required (AML/CTF
information essential*), we will hold your investment amount
until we have received all information.
The AML/CTF Laws refer to the obligations arising under the
Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Terrorism Financing Act
2006 (Cth).
*

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement | 7

OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

8. How to apply (continued)
Cooling-off period
Investors who are retail clients (as defined in the Corporations
Act) have a 14-day cooling-off period after making an
application for units in the Fund during which time they
may cancel their investment by notifying the RE in writing or
electronically. This cooling-off period will commence from the
earlier of the:
•
•

investor’s receipt of confirmation of their investment, and
end of the fifth day after the issue of units to the investor.

If an investor cancels their investment during this period,
the amount repaid to them is adjusted to allow for market
movements, reasonable administration and transaction costs
and any relevant taxes or duties.
Investments made through the distribution reinvestment plan
are not subject to the cooling-off provisions. Indirect investors
should contact the operator of their platforms about any right
to cooling off.

9. Other information
Complaints procedure
The RE has arrangements in place to consider and seek to resolve any complaints within 45 days of receipt. If you have a
complaint, you may contact us by email, telephone or in writing to:
The Complaints Officer
Copia Investment Partners Ltd
Level 47, North Tower, 80 Collins Street
Melbourne Vic 3000
Email clientservices@copiapartners.com.au
Freecall 1800 442 129 (inside Australia only)
Phone +61 3 9602 3199
If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, you may lodge a written complaint with the Australian Financial
Complaints Authority (AFCA) for an independent review of your matter.
Copia is a member of AFCA, which is an external dispute resolution scheme that deals with complaints from consumers about
financial services and products.
AFCA’s contact details are as follows:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority Limited
GPO Box 3
Melbourne VIC 3001
P
F
E
W

1800 961 678
+61 3 9613 6399
info@afca.org.au
afca.org.au

Overseas investors
The Foreign Account Tax and Compliance Act (FATCA) is an anti-tax evasion regime enacted by the United States government
to identify US taxpayers using offshore accounts. In June 2014, the Australian government passed legislation giving effect to
Australia’s commitment to FATCA. From 1 July 2014, there has been requirement to ask investors whether they are US citizens
or US residents and to provide information on those who answer ‘yes’ to the Australian Taxation Office.
Legislation introducing a single global standard on the collection, reporting and exchange of financial account information on
foreign tax residents (CRS) took effect on 1 July 2017. Under CRS, we may collect and report to the ATO account information
on non-residents. The CRS regime applies to 70 jurisdictions. For new accounts for non-Australian investors, we may collect
additional information about the investor's residence and taxpayer identification.

8 | OC Micro-Cap Fund Product Disclosure Statement

