Target Market Determination – OC Premium Small Companies Fund
Legal disclaimer
This Target Market Determination (TMD) is required under section 994B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Act). It sets out the class of consumers for
whom the product, including its key attributes, would likely be consistent with their likely objectives, financial situation and needs. In addition, the TMD
outlines the triggers to review the target market and certain other information. It forms part of Copia Investment Partners Ltd’s design and distribution
arrangements for the product.
This document is not a product disclosure statement and is not a summary of the product features or terms of the product. This document does not take
into account any person’s individual objectives, financial situation or needs. Persons interested in acquiring this product should carefully read the Product
Disclosure Statement (PDS) for OC Premium Small Companies Fund before making a decision whether to buy this product.

Target Market Summary
This product is likely to be appropriate for a consumer seeking capital growth to be used as a satellite allocation within a portfolio where the
consumer has a minimum investment timeframe of 5 years, very high-high risk/return profile and needs daily access to capital.

Fund and Issuer identifiers
Issuer

Copia Investment Partners Ltd

Issuer ABN

22 092 872 056

Issuer AFSL

229316

Fund

OC Premium Small Companies Fund

ARSN

098 644 976

APIR Code

OPS0002AU

ISIN Code

AU60OPS00024

Market Identifier Code

N/A

Product Exchange code

N/A

Date TMD approved

1 December 2025
Page 1

TMD Version

7

TMD Status

Current

Description of Target Market
This part is required under section 994B(5)(b) of the Act.
TMD indicator key
The Consumer Attributes for which the product is likely to be appropriate have been assessed using a red/amber/green rating methodology with appropriate
colour coding:
In target market

See issuer instructions

Not considered in target market

Instructions
In the tables below, Column 1, Consumer Attributes, indicates a description of the likely objectives, financial situation and needs of the class of consumers
that are considering this product. Column 2, TMD indicator, indicates whether a consumer meeting the attribute in column 1 is likely to be in the target
market for this product.
Generally, a consumer is unlikely to be in the target market for the product if:
• one or more of their Consumer Attributes correspond to a red rating, or
• three or more of their Consumer Attributes correspond to an amber rating.
Investment products and diversification
A consumer or consumers may intend to hold a product as part of a diversified portfolio (typically with an intended product use of satellite/small allocation
or core component). In such circumstances, the appropriateness of the product should be assessed in relation to the relevant portion of the portfolio, rather
than in relation to the consumer’s portfolio as a whole. For example, a consumer may wish to construct a conservative portfolio with a satellite/small
allocation to growth assets. In this case, it may be likely that a product with a High or Very High risk/return profile is or may be consistent with the
consumer’s objectives for that allocation notwithstanding that the overall risk/return profile of the consumer as a whole is Low or Medium. In making this
assessment, distributors should consider all features of a product including its key attributes, and the size of any proposed allocation to the product as a
proportion of the consumer’s overall portfolio.

Page 2

Consumer Attributes
[A description of the likely
objectives, financial situation and
needs of the class of consumers in
the target market]

TMD Indicator

Product description including key attributes

Consumer’s investment objective

TMD Indicator

Product description including key attributes

Capital Growth

In target market

Capital Preservation

Not considered in
target market

Capital Guaranteed

Not considered in
target market

Income Distribution

Not considered in
target market

The consumer seeks to invest in a product designed to generate capital return. The
consumer prefers exposure to growth assets or otherwise seeks an investment return
above the current inflation rate.
The Fund aims to provide a total return (after fees and expenses) in excess of the
S&P/ASX Small Ordinaries Accumulation Index of 3-5% per annum over a rolling five
year period.
Suitable Investors include:
• Investors seeking a diversified exposure to quality Australian listed small and midcap companies
• Those looking to complement their direct large-cap Australian equity holdings or
large-cap Australian equity managed funds
• Investors seeking an active investment approach
• Those with an investment horizon of five years or more

Consumer’s intended product use

TMD Indicator for Product description including key attributes
product

Solution/Standalone (75-100%)

Not considered in
target market

Core Component (25-75%)

Not considered in
target market

Satellite/small allocation (<25%)

In target market

[A description of the product, including its key attributes, i.e., product terms,
features and attributes that affect the TMD]

The consumer intends to hold the investment as a smaller part of their total portfolio, as
an indication it would be suitable for up to 25% of the total investable assets
Long-only, benchmark-unaware fund with a target investment universe of securities listed
on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), outside the S&P/ASX 100 Index. The
Fund may invest in stocks within the S&P/ASX 100 Index if consistent with the
investment strategy.
The Fund typically invests within the following guidelines:
Australian listed securities 80 - 100%
Page 3

Cash 0 - 20%
The number of stocks held is generally between 30 to 50.
The portfolio diversification of this Fund is low.
Consumer’s investment timeframe

TMD Indicator

Product description including key attributes

Minimum investment timeframe

In target market

Investment time frame – at least 5 years

Consumer’s Risk (ability to bear
loss) and Return profile

TMD Indicator

Product description including key attributes

Extremely high

Not considered in
target market

Very high

In target market

High

In target market

Medium

Not considered in
target market

Low

Not considered in
target market

The consumer is higher risk in nature and can accept higher potential losses (e.g. has the
ability to bear up to 6 negative returns over a 20 year period (SRM 6)) in order to target a
higher target return profile.
Consumer typically prefers predominantly growth assets such as shares, property and
alternative assets with only a smaller or moderate holding in defensive assets such as cash
and fixed income.
The likelihood of an investment in the Fund going down in the short term is relatively
high compared to investments in funds investing in other types of assets, such as fixed
interest or cash.

Consumer’s need to withdraw
money

TMD Indicator

Product description including key attributes

Daily

In target market

Permitted withdrawal frequency – daily.

Weekly

In target market

Monthly

In target market
Page 4

Quarterly

In target market

Annually or longer

In target market

Appropriateness
Note: This section is required under RG 274.64–66
The Issuer has assessed the product and formed the view that the product, including its key attributes, is likely to be consistent with the likely objectives,
financial situation and needs of consumers in the target market as described above, as the features of this product in Column 3 of the table above are likely to
be suitable for consumers with the attributes identified with a green TMD Indicator in Column 2.

Distribution conditions/restrictions
This part is required under section 994B(5)(c) of the Act.
Distributors this
condition applies to
Issuer - Direct
Channels

Distribution Conditions

Distribution condition rationale

Financial Product Advice or Target Market
Determination questionnaire
Consumers applying to invest directly in any Fund Product
within the suite must either:
1. Have received personal financial product advice to
acquire the specific Fund Product, or;
2. Successfully complete the Target Market
Determination questionnaire contained within the
application process to assess their investor suitability.
This questionnaire must screen the consumer's selfassessed risk profile, investment timeframe, and
product use (% of investable assets) against the
corresponding attributes specified in the relevant Fund
Product’s TMD.

Personal Advice: This ensures that persons providing
personal financial product advice comply with the best interests
duty and related obligations, which requires consideration of
the consumer's individual objectives, financial situation, and
needs.

Product and DDO Training Mandate
The Issuer's distribution, marketing and operations staff are
required to undergo mandatory and documented training:

Product and DDO Training Mandate
This condition makes it highly likely that the Issuer's staff are
equipped with the knowledge necessary to identify consumers
who are outside the target market for any product in the suite.
This reinforces the need for staff to understand the nuanced

Page 5

Target Market Determination questionnaire: This is a key
and robust non-reliance step that provides the Issuer with an
immediate, specific control to screen consumers. It assists the
Issuer in identifying where a consumer’s attributes (particularly
risk tolerance) align with the specific fund’s target market and
helps to prevent acquisition by consumers likely to experience
harm.

1. At least annually on the principles of the DDO regime
and the requirement to prevent distribution
inconsistent with the TMD.
2. Specifically on the risk profiles and consumer attributes
for each TMD within the Fund Product Suite.

Third-Party
Distribution (e.g.,
Platforms)

differences in risk and return between the various funds
offered.

Marketing, Advertising & Promotion
No marketing, advertising, or promotional materials relating to
the Fund Product suite may be disseminated by the Issuer until
a Compliance Sign-Off has been completed under the relevant
policies.

Marketing, Advertising & Promotion
This ensures that promotional messaging is consistent with the
risk profile and target market of the underlying product,
preventing misrepresentation or inadvertently directing
marketing efforts towards consumers whose risk/return profile
would be incompatible with the specific fund product being
promoted.

Legal Obligations
All third-party distributors, including investment platform
operators, must meet all ongoing regulatory and disclosure
obligations applicable to their operations and any other
relevant legislation or standards.

Legal Obligations
In relation to investment platforms, custodians, and financial
advisers, the Issuer has assessed that this distribution condition
is likely to result in distribution to consumers who are likely to
be in the target market because:

Financial advisers accessing the Fund Product via a platform
must hold an Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) or
be an authorised representative of an AFSL holder. They must
also comply with any onboarding, due diligence, and
accreditation requirements set by the Issuer.

• Each platform provider, custodian, or other intermediary
acting as a distributor has its own obligations to take reasonable
steps to ensure retail product distribution conduct is consistent
with this TMD.
• Where the Fund Product is issued as part of personal
financial product advice, the financial adviser’s standard advice
process ensures suitability is assessed having regard to the
client’s objectives, financial situation, and needs.
• Where investments are made without personal advice,
platform providers generally require clients to complete
filtering or investor-declaration questions that assist in
determining whether the consumer falls within the target
market.
• The Issuer’s periodic review of platform distribution activity,
significant dealing reports, and complaints data provides
assurance that platform distribution remains consistent with
the TMD.

Where distribution occurs through a platform, the platform
operator must ensure that:
• the Fund Product is made available only to investors who
meet the relevant platform eligibility criteria and TMD-related
conditions; and
• required product and TMD information provided by the
Issuer is made available to advisers and retail clients.

Page 6

Marketing Material Consistency
Third-party distributors, including those operating under the
Issuer’s banner, must exclusively use or adapt marketing,
advertising, and promotional materials that are consistent with
the latest version of the Issuer’s pre-approved external
communications.

Marketing Material Consistency
This prevents inconsistent or misleading promotional activity
by third parties that could lead to distribution outside of the
intended target market, maintaining a singular, compliant
message across all distribution channels.

Review triggers
This part is required under section 994B(5)(d) of the Act.
Material change to key attributes, fund investment objective and/or fees.
Material deviation from benchmark / objective over sustained period.
Key attributes have not performed as disclosed by a material degree and for a material period.
Determination by the issuer of an ASIC reportable Significant Dealing
Material or unexpectedly high number of complaints (as defined in section 994A(1) of the Act) about the product or distribution of the product.
The use of Product Intervention Powers, regulator orders or directions that affects the product.
Mandatory review periods
This part is required under section 994B(5)(e) and (f) of the Act.
Review period

Maximum period for review

Initial review

1 year and 3 months

Subsequent review

3 years and 3 months

Distributor reporting requirements
This part is required under section 994B(5)(g) and (h) of the Act.
Reporting requirement

Reporting period

Page 7

Which distributors this
requirement applies to

Complaints (as defined in section 994A(1) of the Act) relating
to the product design, product availability and distribution.
The distributor should provide all the content of the
complaint, having regard to privacy.

Within 10 business days following end of calendar
quarter

All distributors

Significant dealing outside of target market, under s994F(6) of
the Act.
See Definitions for further detail.

As soon as practicable but no later than 10 business days
after distributor becomes aware of the significant
dealing.

All distributors

To the extent a distributor is aware of dealings outside the
Within 10 business days following end of calendar
target market these should be reported to the issuer, including quarter
reason why acquisition is outside of target market, and whether
acquisition occurred under personal advice.

All distributors

If practicable, distributors should adopt the FSC data standards for reports to the issuer. Distributors must report to Copia Investment Partners Ltd using the
method specified on this website: https://www.copiapartners.com.au/target-market-determinations. This link also provides contact details relating to this
TMD for Copia Investment Partners Ltd.

Definitions
Term

Definition

Consumer’s investment objective
Capital Growth

The consumer seeks to invest in a product designed to generate capital return. The consumer prefers exposure to
growth assets (such as shares or property) or otherwise seeks an investment return above the current inflation
rate.

Capital Preservation

The consumer seeks to invest in a product to reduce volatility and minimise loss in a market down-turn. The
consumer prefers exposure to defensive assets (such as cash or fixed income securities) that are generally lower in
risk and less volatile than growth investments.
The consumer seeks a guarantee or protection against capital loss whilst still seeking the potential for capital
growth (typically gained through a derivative arrangement). The consumer would likely understand the
complexities, conditions and risks that are associated with such products.
The consumer seeks to invest in a product designed to distribute regular and/or tax-effective income. The
consumer prefers exposure to income-generating assets (typically, high dividend-yielding equities, fixed income
securities and money market instruments).

Capital Guaranteed
Income Distribution

Page 8

Consumer’s intended product use
Solution/Standalone (75-100%)

The consumer intends to hold the investment as either a part or the majority (up to 100%) of their total investable
assets (see definition below). The consumer typically prefers exposure to a product with at least High portfolio
diversification (see definitions below).

Core Component (25-75%)

The consumer intends to hold the investment as a major component, up to 75%, of their total investable assets (see
definition below). The consumer typically prefers exposure to a product with at least Medium portfolio diversification
(see definitions below).

Satellite (<25%)

The consumer intends to hold the investment as a smaller part of their total portfolio, as an indication it would
be suitable for up to 25% of the total investable assets (see definition below). The consumer is likely to be
comfortable with exposure to a product with Low portfolio diversification (see definitions below).

Investable Assets

Those assets that the investor has available for investment, excluding the residential home.

Portfolio diversification (for completing the key product attribute section of consumer’s intended product use)
Low

Single asset class, single country, low or moderate holdings of securities - e.g. high conviction Aussie equities.

Medium

1-2 asset classes, single country, broad exposure within asset class, e.g. Aussie equities “All Ords”.

High

Highly diversified across either asset classes, countries or investment managers, e.g. Australian multi-manager
balanced fund or global multi-asset product (or global equities).

Consumer’s intended investment timeframe
Minimum

The minimum suggested timeframe for holding the product. Typically, this is the rolling period over which the
investment objective of the product is likely to be achieved.

Consumer’s Risk (ability to bear loss) and Return profile
Issuers should undertake a comprehensive risk assessment for each product. The FSC strongly recommends adoption of the Standard Risk Measure
(SRM) to calculate the likely number of negative annual returns over a 20 year period, using the guidance and methodology outlined in the Standard Risk
Measure Guidance Paper For Trustees. SRM is not a complete assessment of risk and potential loss. For example, it does not detail important issues
such as the potential size of a negative return or that a positive return could still be less than a consumer requires to meet their investment
objectives/needs. Issuers may wish to supplement the SRM methodology by also considering other risk factors. For example, some products may use
leverage, derivatives or short selling, may have liquidity or withdrawal limitations, or otherwise may have a complex structure or increased investment
risks, which should be documented together with the SRM to substantiate the product risk rating.
The consumer has an extremely high risk appetite, can accept significant volatility and losses, and seeks to obtain
Extremely High
accelerated returns, potentially in a short timeframe.
Page 9

Very high

High

Medium

Low

The consumer seeks extremely high risk, speculative or complex products which may have features such as
significant use of derivatives, leverage or short positions or may be in emerging or niche asset classes (for
example, crypto-assets or collectibles).
The consumer has a more aggressive or very high risk appetite, seeks to maximise returns and can accept higher
potential losses (e.g. has the ability to bear 6 or more negative returns over a 20 year period (SRM 7) and possibly
other risk factors, such as leverage).
Consumer typically prefers growth assets such as shares, property and alternative assets.
The consumer is higher risk in nature and can accept higher potential losses (e.g. has the ability to bear up to 6
negative returns over a 20 year period (SRM 6)) in order to target a higher target return profile.
Consumer typically prefers predominantly growth assets such as shares, property and alternative assets with only
a smaller or moderate holding in defensive assets such as cash and fixed income.
The consumer is moderate or medium risk in nature, seeking to minimise potential losses (e.g. has the ability to
bear up to 4 negative returns over a 20 year period (SRM 3 to 5)) and comfortable with a moderate target return
profile.
Consumer typically prefers a balance of growth assets such as shares, property and alternative assets and
defensive assets such as cash and fixed income.
The consumer is conservative or low risk in nature, seeks to minimise potential losses (e.g. has the ability to bear
up to 1 negative return over a 20 year period (SRM 1 to 2)) and is comfortable with a low target return profile.
Consumer typically prefers defensive assets such as cash and fixed income.

Consumer’s need to withdraw money
Issuers should consider in the first instance the redemption request frequency under ordinary circumstances. However, the redemption request frequency
is not the only consideration when determining the ability to meet the investor’s requirement to access capital. To the extent that the liquidity of the
underlying investments or possible liquidity constraints (e.g. ability to stagger or delay redemptions) could impact this, this is to be taken into consideration
in completing this section.
Daily/Weekly/Monthly/Quarterly/
Annually or longer

The consumer seeks to invest in a product which permits redemption requests at this frequency under ordinary
circumstances and the issuer is typically able to meet that request within a reasonable period.

Distributor Reporting
Significant dealings

Section 994F(6) of the Act requires distributors to notify the issuer if they become aware of a significant dealing
in the product that is not consistent with the TMD. Neither the Act nor ASIC defines when a dealing is
‘significant’ and distributors have discretion to apply its ordinary meaning.
The issuer will rely on notifications of significant dealings to monitor and review the product, this TMD, and its
distribution strategy, and to meet its own obligation to report significant dealings to ASIC.
Page 10

Dealings outside this TMD may be significant because:
•

they represent a material proportion of the overall distribution conduct carried out by the distributor in
relation to the product, or
• they constitute an individual transaction which has resulted in, or will or is likely to result in, significant
detriment to the consumer (or class of consumer).
In each case, the distributor should have regard to:
•

the nature and risk profile of the product (which may be indicated by the product’s risk rating or
withdrawal timeframes),
• the actual or potential harm to a consumer (which may be indicated by the value of the consumer’s
investment, their intended product use or their ability to bear loss), and
• the nature and extent of the inconsistency of distribution with the TMD (which may be indicated by the
number of red or amber ratings attributed to the consumer).
Objectively, a distributor may consider a dealing (or group of dealings) outside the TMD to be significant if:
•
•
•

it constitutes more than half of the distributor’s total retail product distribution conduct in relation to the
product over the reporting period,
the consumer’s intended product use is Solution / Standalone, or
the consumer’s intended product use is Core component and the consumer’s risk (ability to bear loss) and
return profile is Low.

Page 11

